liabilities 
liabilities  and  contingent 
assets, 
is 
recognised  as  goodwill.  Excess  of  the  Company’s 
interest  in  the  net  fair  value  of  the  acquiree’s 
liabilities  and  contingent 
identifiable  assets, 
liabilities  over  the  purchase  consideration 
is 
recognised, after reassessment of fair value of net 
assets acquired, in the Capital Reserve.
(e)  Use of estimates and judgements
in 
The  preparation  of  financial  statements 
conformity  with  Ind  AS  requires  management  to 
make judgments, estimates and assumptions, that 
affect  the  application  of  accounting  policies  and 
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income, 
expenses and disclosures of contingent assets and 
liabilities at the date of these financial statements 
and  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and 
expenses  for  the  years  presented.  Actual  results 
may differ from these estimates and judgements.
Estimates
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised in the period in which the 
estimate is revised and in future periods affected. 
In  particular,  information  about  significant  areas 
of  estimation  uncertainty  and  critical  judgments 
in  applying  accounting  policies  that  have  the 
most significant effect on the amounts recognised 
in  the  financial  statements  are  included  in  the 
following notes:
i) 
Note 2(f) – Going concern assessment 
ii)  Note 3, 6 and 7 - Property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets – Useful 
lives and impairment
iii)  Note 5 - Impairment of goodwill
iv)  Note 17 - Allowances for credit losses for 
finance receivables
v)  Note 22 - Recoverability/recognition of 
deferred tax assets
vi)  Note 33 - Provision for product warranty
vii)  Note 36 - Assets and obligations relating to 
employee benefits
viii)  Estimated discounts / incentives required to 
be paid to dealers on retail of vehicles
317
Judgements
i) 
Revenue  recognition:  The  Company  uses 
judgement  to  determine  when  control  of  its 
goods,  primarily  vehicles  and  parts,  pass  to 
the customer. This is assessed with reference 
to  indicators  of  control,  including  the  risks 
and  rewards  of  ownership  and  legal  title 
with  reference  to  the  underlying  terms  of 
the  customer  contract.  Refer  to  note  34  for 
further information.
ii) 
of 
product 
engineering 
Capitalisation 
costs:  The  Company  applies 
judgement 
in  determining  at  what  point  in  a  vehicle 
recognition 
programme’s 
criteria  under  Ind  AS  38  are  satisfied,  and  in 
determining the nature of the cost capitalised. 
Refer to note 6 for further information.
life  cycle 
the 
(f)  Going Concern
These financial statements have been prepared on 
a Going Concern basis.
The Company has performed an assessment of its 
financial position as at March 31, 2025 and forecasts 
of  the  Company  and  JLR  for  a  period  of  atleast 
twelve  months  from  the  date  of  authorisation  of 
these  financial  statements  (the  ‘Going  Concern 
Assessment Period’ and the ‘Foreseeable Future’).
The Company and JLR have assessed their projected 
cash  flows  over  the  going  concern  assessment 
period.  In developing these forecasts, the Company 
and JLR have modelled a base case. The base case 
uses  the  most  recent  Board-approved  forecasts 
that include the going concern assessment period 
and  include  the  forecast  impact  that  the  changes 
made to US tariffs will have on JLR. 
For the Company, the base case has been further 
sensitized using more severe but plausible scenarios 
considering  external  market  commentaries  and 
other  factors  impacting  the  global  economy  and 
automotive industry.
JLR has carried out a reverse stress test against the 
base  case  to  determine  the  decline  in  wholesale 
volumes  over  a  twelve-month  period  that  would 
result in a liquidity level that breaches the £1 billion 
liquidity financial covenant. The reverse stress test 
models  an  appropriate  assumption  in  reductions 
in  demand  across  JLR’s  product  portfolio  as  the 
primary risk on wholesale volume is now deemed 
to  be  more  likely  to  arise  from  demand  rather