Key assumptions
The assessment of impairment is based on forecasts of future cashflows which are inherently uncertain and are developed 
using informed assumptions such as historical trends and market information. The key assumptions are:
i) 
ii) 
the recoverable amount is most sensitive;
involve a significant amount of judgement and estimation; and
iii)  drive significant changes to the recoverable amount when flexed under reasonably possible outcomes.
Variable profit per unit and volumes – The approach to determining the forecast variable profit per unit and volumes 
is  based  on  consideration  of  historical  performance,  the  order  bank,  profit  optimisation  efforts  and  Group  Cycle  Plan 
assumptions, along with the impact of risks on future cashflows discussed above. A small change in either assumption may 
have a significant impact to future cashflows and for this reason, as well as the impact of risks associated with supply and 
inflationary pressures on variable profit and volumes, the directors consider variable profit per unit and volumes to be 
key assumptions. Further, the variable profit per unit and volumes included in the business plan are largely driven by an 
updated portfolio, which includes estimates and judgements related to the transition to electrified powertrain, including 
the introduction of new Jaguar.
Terminal value capital expenditure – the five year cash flows timing and amount are based on the latest Cycle Plan. The 
terminal value is based on the best estimate of a maintenance level of capital expenditure which has been derived from 
depreciation and amortisation expectations and funding requirements in responses to longer-term industry trends and 
risks informed by those listed above, which are anticipated in the VIU calculation. Due to the judgement and estimation 
involved in the calculation of terminal value capital expenditure, as well as the sensitivity of the recoverable amount to any 
change in the value, JLR consider this to be a key assumption.
Discount rate – the approach to determining the discount rate is based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model and a market 
participant after tax cost of debt. These inputs are based on a typical build up approach, calculated using country specific 
premiums without size premium and with an unlevered equity Beta with reference to industry peers. The decrease in the 
year has mainly been driven by a decrease to the country risk premium. The discount rate is regarded as a key assumption 
as it is the rate which drives the discounted cashflows used to determine the VIU of the CGU primarily due to the level of 
judgement and estimation involved and the sensitivity of the recoverable amount to small changes in the percentage.
The VIU assessment  is sensitive to  certain  assumptions, such  as Sales, General  and  Administration  (SG&A) costs which 
are not considered to be key assumptions, because significant adverse changes are not considered reasonably possible 
based on the forecasting methodology, where historical performance has been adjusted for expected future cost savings. 
Similarly, certain assumptions which involve greater judgement and estimation, such as growth rate, but for which even 
relatively significant changes have a limited impact on the assessment are not regarded as key assumptions.
Sensitivity to Key Assumptions
The value of key assumptions used to calculate the recoverable amount are as follows, presented as a % of Gross Vehicle 
Revenues (“GVR”) to demonstrate the relative value to the assessment where noted:
Forecast period (Yr1-5) variable profit
Pre-tax discount rate
Terminal value variable profit (%GVR)*
Terminal value capital expenditures (%GVR)
* Based on forecast variable profit per unit and volumes
As at  
January 31, 2025
As at  
January 31, 2024
27.6%
11.8%
27.9%
8.0%
27.2%
11.8%
24.3%
8.7%
Sensitivity to reasonably possible changes to key assumptions
Given the inherent uncertainty about the timing and amount of any change in key assumptions, as well as the significant 
portion of the recoverable amount related to the VIU terminal value, JLR consider a net impact on terminal period cash 
flows to be the best means of indicating the sensitivity of key assumptions.
334