& Sustainability, who returned to his 
home in Brazil to take up a new position 
at TCS Latam as Senior Advisor – New 
Business & Sustainability Director, 
based in São Paulo. I would like to thank 
both Barbara and François sincerely for 
their incredible contributions to JLR. 
Finally, with profound sadness, 
in early October we learned of 
the passing of Mr. Ratan Tata. His 
personal achievements and legacy 
are unequalled in society, and the 
mark he leaves on our business and 
brands is greater than that of any 
other individual.
It was thanks to Mr. Tata’s singular 
vision that Tata acquired JLR in 2008, 
and we owe everything we have 
become since then to his unwavering 
support and dedication. He led us on 
an extraordinary journey, inspiring 
incredible new chapters in our history. 
Under his generous and trusting 
guidance, we have felt deeply proud to 
be part of the Tata story.  
Perpetuating the philanthropic story 
of the Tata family, JLR this year created 
the JLR Foundation, a charitable 
foundation dedicated to empowering 
children and young people to reach 
their full potential and catalyse positive 
social and environmental change. 
JLR is committed to donating millions 
to the JLR Foundation, pledging up to 
£2.5 million to support its charitable 
work in the first year, with plans to 
increase funding annually as the 
Foundation grows. 
This year has tested JLR, and we 
have risen to the challenges. Despite 
headwinds, we have again set new 
records and demonstrated our 
company’s underlying strength. This 
strong and consistent performance, the 
commitment of our people, partners 
and clients and the appeal of our luxury 
brands will support our response to 
current global economic challenges and 
the evolving global trade environment.
Warm Regards,
Adrian Mardell
In addition, we made a significant 
technical breakthrough in the 
closed‑loop recycling of polyurethane 
seat foam from our used vehicles 
by successfully reintegrating it back 
into the production of new seats, 
a first for the automotive industry. 
We also joined forces with global 
tyre manufacturer Pirelli, to use tyres 
made with sustainably sourced natural 
rubber across our brands. The tyres 
are certified by the Forest Stewardship 
Council (FSC), and JLR will be the first 
to adopt FSC®‑certified rubber tyres at 
scale, debuting on the new Range Rover 
Electric. The commitment will amount 
to over 2,50,000 FSC®‑certified tyres 
per year. 
All these steps help ladder up to our 
aim of being carbon net zero by 2039. 
Meanwhile, our luxury brands Range 
Rover, Defender, Discovery, and Jaguar 
all had noteworthy years. 
We further expanded our Range Rover 
model lineup with the launch of the 
new Range Rover Sport SV Edition Two, 
a collection of five Range Rover Sport 
SV Celestial models, alongside market‑
specific Range Rover Bespoke editions 
such as the Ranthambore in India and 
the Candeo in the United States of 
America. Development of the Range 
Rover Electric continued at pace with 
the vehicle being tested on the frozen 
lakes of Sweden and the deserts of the 
United Arab Emirates. 
And we launched the superlative 
Defender OCTA, the most powerful and 
dynamic Defender ever, to widespread 
acclaim from the world’s media when 
they test drove it in South Africa.
It was a moment of huge personal 
pride and excitement to unveil the 
beautiful Jaguar Type 00 design vision 
concept to an audience at Miami Art 
Week, in December. The breathtaking 
vision concept car drew the attention 
of almost a billion people around the 
world and was a bold step towards 
Jaguar’s new future, returning it to the 
luxury sector where it has thrived in the 
past. I have a deep personal connection 
with Jaguar where I began my career, 
and I cannot wait to reveal more about 
the first car, an all‑electric four‑door 
GT with around 1,000 horsepower.
Our Jaguar TCS Racing Formula E team 
also returned the brand to success on 
the racetrack, winning the 2024 ABB FIA 
Formula E Teams’ World Championship, 
its first racing title since 1991 and 
47
a proud and historic moment for 
the company. 
And this year, we celebrated 35 years of 
the Discovery. The original team behind 
Discovery were convinced that there 
was a gap in the market for a new kind 
of car for curious, active families who 
wanted to travel far and wide together. 
Our cultural transformation continued 
this year as we celebrated events 
including Black History Month, Diwali, 
and Pride. We published our Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion Review which 
noted that JLR has made great strides in 
making its workplace more inclusive for 
everyone, through training, coaching 
and new policies to support colleagues 
with different challenges, such as 
offering those experiencing symptoms 
of menopause the right to seek support 
at any time and from day one of their 
employment.  
At JLR, we remain committed to 
building a workplace where every 
colleague feels respected and valued. 
Why? Because it reflects the society 
we live in and the clients we serve, 
it delivers better business outcomes. 
We believe a workplace that is diverse, 
equitable and inclusive is right for 
JLR, as well as it being the right thing 
to do. We know our policies are the 
right ones for JLR because our eNPS 
(employee Net Promotor Score) ‑ 
a direct reflection of job satisfaction 
‑ has risen significantly since we began 
our transformation. More motivated, 
engaged colleagues deliver better 
results for our clients. 
This year, it was with great pleasure 
that we strengthened the JLRL Board 
with the appointments of Steve 
Marsh and Russell Leslie as Executive 
Director Vehicle Programmes 
and Executive Director Enterprise 
Quality and Customer Satisfaction 
respectively. We also welcomed three 
new executives to the JLRL First Line 
of Leadership with the appointments 
of Swarna Ramanathan as Chief 
Strategy Officer; Andrea Debbane as 
Chief Sustainability Officer and John 
Beswick as Chief Transformation 
& Performance Officer.
We also said goodbye to two members 
of my team this year: Executive Director 
of Industrial Operations Barbara 
Bergmeier, as she took the decision 
to return to her native Germany after 
two incredible years transforming JLR’s 
industrial operations and; François 
Dossa, Executive Director, Strategy