Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs)
In line with our commitment to sustainability, Tata Motors conducts thorough 
Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs) to evaluate the environmental impacts of our 
products. These assessments cover resource use, ecological consequences such 
as greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and ecotoxicity, as well as human health 
considerations including human toxicity and ionising radiation. LCA’s quantify these 
impacts using metrics such as Global Warming Potential, Acidification Potential, 
Eutrophication, Abiotic Depletion, Ozone Layer Depletion, and Photochemical 
Ozone Creation.
LCA methodology and approach
Our LCA approach, adhering to ISO 14040 and ISO 14044 standards, 
comprehensively evaluates the total environmental impacts or ecological burden 
arising from the entire lifecycle of our products. This includes stages from raw 
material extraction through manufacturing, usage, and end‑of‑life disposal. 
We have completed Cradle to Gate LCA analysis for various passenger ICE and 
EV vehicle models (Tiago, Tigor, Altroz, Punch, Nexon, Curvv, Harrier MCE and 
Safari MCE, Nexon EV, Tiago EV, Tigor EV, Punch EV, Curvv EV). 
To understand the life‑cycle impact of EV battery cells, TML has performed 
Cradle‑to‑Gate LCA analysis with the help of a third party consultant to evaluate 
global supply chain impact of battery manufacturing and the effect of different 
manufacturing locations i.e. China and India.
For our commercial vehicles, we have completed cradle to gate LCA analysis 
for representative vehicles from SCV, ILMCV & HCV platforms which includes 
assessments of material usage, energy consumption, and emissions. The transition 
to alternate fuels is also a very important factor in reducing the carbon footprint 
of Tata Motors commercial vehicles, and this is also taken into account while 
conducting LCA analysis.
These LCA studies help us to identify ‘hotspots’ where environmental impacts 
are most significant, enabling targeted improvements to reduce product carbon 
footprint, minimise waste generation and promote use of sustainable materials. 
We have systematically embedded these objectives in our product development 
process by setting decarbonisation and material circularity targets for future 
passenger and commercial vehicle models.
Nexon ICE - An LCA landmark
We have established a new benchmark in environmental reporting transparency 
with the successful third‑party verification of our Cradle‑to‑Grave LCA for Nexon 
Diesel model by TUV‑Rheinland. The Cradle‑to‑Grave LCA study follows ISO 14040 
and 14044 method covering all the life cycle phases – material extraction & part 
manufacturing processes, upstream transport, vehicle production, downstream 
distribution, fuel consumption and emissions during life of the product, preventive 
and extensive maintenance, disassembly and treatment of ELV. The outcome of the 
LCA indicates total life cycle climate change impact for Nexon Diesel as ~0.21 kg 
CO₂e/km, with key contributions from the use phase, material extraction, and 
component manufacturing. Third party validation ensures data accuracy and 
methodological integrity strengthening our ability to make informed decisions and 
demonstrate commitment to environment to our stakeholders.
Circularity through design
We are committed to upholding 
sustainable practices in our 
end‑of‑life product management 
strategies. We continuously 
strive to improve our products’ 
circularity quotient by embedding 
design‑for‑recycling approaches, 
facilitating easy dismantling and 
selection of sustainable materials. 
TML has developed a comprehensive 
strategy to embed material circularity 
throughout the lifecycle of our 
vehicles. This involves a fundamental 
shift towards modular designs, 
enabling efficient disassembly and 
promoting component reuse and 
remanufacturing. Our design‑for‑
recycling approach seeks to minimise 
waste and environmental impact. 
In order to promote end‑of‑life 
management of our products, the 
dismantling information of, Nexon, 
Altroz, Aria, Indica, Indigo, Indica 
vista, Harrier, Safari, Nexon EV, Curvv 
EV, Tigor EV is published on IDIS 
(International Dismantling Information 
System) website. This information 
is useful to dismantlers for the safe 
disposal of Tata vehicles.
Sustainable materials encompass use 
of recyclable materials, encouraging 
use of recycled materials, restricted 
use of hazardous materials and 
use of materials with low carbon 
intensity. Currently, over 90% of 
materials used in our commercial and 
passenger vehicles are recyclable and 
recoverable. We are continuously 
striving to enhance use of recycled 
material content for our vehicles. 
Our passenger and commercial 
vehicles use varied percentages of 
recycled  content in steel, aluminium, 
glass and polymers. The average 
recycled content of our passenger and 
commercial vehicles is in the range 
of 5 to 8% covering 5 ICE models 
(Tiago, Tigor, Altroz, Punch, Nexon) and 
3 CV platforms (SCV, ILMCV and HCV). 
To further strengthen our efforts, we’re 
also actively developing closed‑loop 
recycling systems for critical materials 
like metals, plastics, oil, and rubber 
to reduce our dependence on 
virgin resources. 
85