Item No. 12
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company with Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited (‘ACGL’), including the information 
required  to  be  disclosed  in  the  Explanatory  Statement  pursuant  to  the  SEBI  Master  Circular  No.  SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/ 
CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with ACGL
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
1.
a.
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise) 
ACGL is an associate of the Company. The Company holds 49.77% in the 
equity share capital of ACGL. 
ACGL  was  jointly  promoted  in  1980  by  Tata  Motors  Ltd.  and  EDC  Ltd.
(formerly known as Economic Development Corporation of Goa, Daman 
& Diu Ltd.)
ACGL is engaged in manufacturing and sale of sheet metal components 
and Bus Bodies.
ACGL is a Related Party of the Company, as on the date of this Notice.
The  Company  and  ACGL  have  entered  into  /  propose  to  enter  into  the 
following RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,725 
crore  (with  funding  transactions  not  exceeding  ₹250  crore  outstanding 
at any point of time and operational transactions not exceeding ₹1,475 
crore):
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Purchase of goods / services (Including material procurement)
Sale of goods
Rendering of services
Asset Purchase / Sales
Inter-corporate deposits taken
Interest paid
Interest received
b.
Type,  material  terms,  tenure,  monetary  value  and 
particulars of the proposed RPTs
c.
the  Company’s  annual  consolidated 
Percentage  of 
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
0.39%
2.
Justification for the proposed RPTs
ACGL is one of the premier Bus Body Manufacturer in India who is working 
with the company to provide good quality Bus Bodies for Domestic and 
International Business (‘IB’) markets.
ACGL  is  also  a  supplier  for  Quality  sheet  metal  components  for  the 
company.
In  light  of  above  and  various  commercial  factors,  aforementioned 
transactions are undertaken, that will not only help both the companies 
to smoothen business operations  but will  also  ensure a consistent flow 
of  desired  quality  and  quantity  of  various  facilities  for  uninterrupted 
operations and an increase in productivity.
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its 
subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Where  any  financial  indebtedness  is  incurred  to  make 
or  give 
inter-corporate  deposits,  advances  or 
investments:
loans, 
Own share capital / Internal accruals and liquidity of the Company
Not applicable
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure