through  design  improvements  and  the  thoughtful  selection  of  manufacturing  technologies  and  raw  materials.  We  are 
actively evaluating the environmental impact of our vehicles and identifying opportunities to enhance material circularity. 
Additionally, initiatives have been introduced to assess the emission rates of Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) from our 
painting operations, with the aim of improving our overall sustainability and environmental performance.
In terms of products, conscious efforts are made to eliminate the use of hazardous and toxic chemicals at the product 
design stage. These efforts are driven by well-defined standards, processes, and systems, such as:
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Implementation of projects to eliminate paints from polymeric parts.
Restriction  on  the  use  of  Persistent  Organic  Pollutants  (POPs)  as  per  the  BRS  Convention,  covering  15  banned 
industrial POPs (with 2 more under discussion), by releasing internal standards to follow during the design stage and 
communicating these requirements to the supplier at the stage of the request for quotation. We are continuously 
monitoring the POPs listed under the BRS Convention and working with our suppliers to identify alternative chemicals 
as well as eliminate new POPs from our supply chain according to the timeline. To track the presence of POPs or any 
other hazardous materials, we have developed an in-house IT system to identify these chemicals. This enables us to 
provide inputs to the Ministry and SIAM and play a leadership role in creating awareness within the auto industry 
about best practices.
Proactive compliance with the AIS-129 standard (which is not yet enforced) to restrict the use of four heavy metals 
(Lead, Mercury, Cadmium, and Hexavalent Chromium) in vehicles above threshold limits.
Eliminating flame retardants like TDCIPP, TCIP, and TCEP in vehicle seat foam as per NGT order, which addresses the 
adverse impacts of these chemicals on human health.
Development of an internal standard for material identification marking for plastic components weighing more than 
100g and elastomer components weighing more than 200g. This helps enhance the recyclability of these components 
at the end-of-life phase.
We are continuously exploring new approaches to monitor and improve our sustainability and environmental performance. 
Initiatives have been implemented to eliminate paints from polymeric parts, phase out hazardous materials and Persistent 
Organic  Pollutants  (POPs),  introduce  sustainable  materials  to  enable  energy  savings  in  manufacturing  processes,  and 
explore new strategies to improve our sustainability and environmental performance.
11. 
If the entity has operations / offices in / around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, 
biosphere  reserves,  wetlands,  biodiversity  hotspots,  forests,  coastal  regulation  zones  etc.)  where  environmental 
approvals / clearances are required, please specify details:
None of our Operations are located near notified ecologically sensitive areas.
12.  Details  of  environmental  impact  assessments  of  projects  undertaken  by  the  entity  based  on  applicable  laws,  in  the 
current financial year:
EIA Notification No.
Date
EC was issued 
dated 11th January 
2025 by the State 
Environment 
Impact Assessment 
Authority (SEIAA), 
Tamil Nadu)
Under Project 
Category “B” and 
Schedule S.No. 
8(a) ‘Building 
& Construction 
Project’–Issue of 
Environmental 
Clearance as per 
the EIA Notification 
2006-as amended
Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency
Project Feasibility 
Study along with 
Environment 
Management Plan 
was prepared by 
internal team of 
Tata Motors as this 
is Category – B EIA 
Project.
Results communicated 
in public domain
Relevant web link
The EC details 
was notified in 
Dinakaran Tamil 
daily and The 
Hindu English daily 
newspaper on 7th 
February 2025. 
https://www.
tatamotors.com/
wp-content/
themes/
TataMotors/pdf/EC-
Approval-for-TML-
TN-310125.pdf
Name and brief details 
of project
Proposed 
Construction of 
Industrial Buildings 
(Manufacturing 
& Assembly of 
Passenger Vehicles) 
at Plot No. 1A 
and 1B, SIPCOT 
Industrial Park, 
Panapakkam, Nemili 
Taluk, Ranipet 
District, Tamil Nadu 
by M/s. Tata Motors 
Ltd.
230