Estimation of warranty provision
See Note 33 to consolidated financial statements
The key audit matter
How the matter was addressed in our audit
The  Group  incurs  a  liability  for  warranty  contracts  on 
new  vehicle  sales,  in  terms  of  which  it  is  obligated  to 
provide  repair  services  for  manufacturing  defects  over  the 
contractual  warranty  period,  as  well  as  recall  campaigns, 
customer  goodwill  and  the  Group’s  other  obligations  under 
the warranty. As at 31 March 2025, the Group has warranty 
provisions of Rs. 28,080 crores.
The Group records a warranty provision at period end which 
involves  complexity,  judgement  and  significant 
level  of 
uncertainty. The computation of the provision considers the 
historical  actual  claims  data  and  the  recent  data  trends  to 
estimate the expected payouts for vehicles sold in respective 
years.  Such  expected  payouts  are  adjusted  for  any  cost 
savings  expected  from  various  ongoing  quality  initiatives.  
There  is  an  inherent  uncertainty  related  to  future  events 
which  may  not  mirror  past  experience.  The  likelihood  of 
risk  of  material  misstatement  has  further  increased  due  to 
increasing  warranty  spend  in  the  year  which  has  diverged 
from provision levels.
For JLR Group, there is an additional risk of fraud in relation 
to  warranties  in  respect  of  campaigns  as  each  individual 
campaign  is  influenced  by  distinct  factors  relevant  to  its 
specific  context  thus  complicating  costs  predictions  and 
increasing the potential for management bias.
Provision  for  product  warranty 
is  a  key  audit  matter 
due  to  high  estimation  uncertainty  and  involvement  of 
significant judgement.
In view of the significance of the matter, we and the auditor 
of  the  component  (JLR  Group)  applied  the  following  audit 
procedures in this area:
Test of Controls:
Evaluated  the  design  and  implementation  and  tested  the 
operating effectiveness of controls related to computation and 
approval of the warranty provisions. This includes evaluation 
of assumptions and information related to expected warranty 
cost  per  vehicle  and  future  events  related  to  expected  cost 
savings underlying the warranty provision computation.
Test of details:
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Evaluated any changes made to the provision policy and 
computation model;
Assessed  and  challenged  the  assumptions  applied, 
including  repair  cost  per  vehicle  under  campaigns  and 
disbursement curve analysis through analysis of historic 
data  and  sensitivity  analysis.  Further,  for  JLR  Group, 
recomputed  warranty  provision  by  involving  the  data 
analytics team;
Identified  and  tested  the  completeness  and  accuracy 
in  computation  of 
of  underlying 
provision  with  the  assistance  of  our 
Information 
technology specialists;
information  used 
Tested  actualization  of  estimated  warranty  provision 
using statistical sampling;
Performed  retrospective  assessment  of  provision  by 
comparing  estimated  and  actual  payments  against 
warranty claims;
For  JLR  Group,  assessed  the  assumptions  applied 
using  our  own  knowledge  of  recent  campaigns  and 
product  recalls  in  the  industry  based  on  independent 
research; and
Evaluated  the  adequacy  of  Group’s  disclosures  relating 
to  the  estimation  of  Product  warranty  provisions  and 
related sensitivities.
295