Item No. 23
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’) with Sertec Aluminium Structures Limited (‘SASL’) including 
the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 
22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
1.
a.
Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with SASL
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise)
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned 
subsidiary  of  the  Company.  JLRA  is  into  the  design,  development, 
luxury  saloons, 
manufacture  and  marketing  of  high-performance 
specialist  sports  cars,  four-wheel  drive  off-road  vehicles  and  related 
components.
Type,  material  terms,  tenure,  monetary  value  and 
particulars of the proposed RPTs
Percentage  of 
the  Company’s  annual  consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
Justification for the proposed RPTs
JLRL is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL  is  into  the  design,  development,  manufacture  and  marketing  of 
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive 
off-road vehicles and related components.
SASL  core  business  activity  focuses  on  the  manufacturing  of  complex, 
lightweight aluminum structures and electric vehicle (EV) components 
for  major  automotive  Original  Equipment  Manufacturers  (OEMs)  and 
Tier-One suppliers. SASL is an associate of JLR Group.
JLRL and SASL are Related Party of the Company, as on the date of this 
Notice.
JLRL and SASL have entered into / propose to enter into the following 
RPTs during FY 26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,400 crore:
Purchase of goods
Sale of goods
Rendering of services
Availment of Services
• 
• 
• 
• 
0.32%
As  a  part  of  the  Tata  Motors  Group  Strategy,  the  group  companies  of 
the  Company  enter  into  transactions  with  Group  entities  amongst 
themselves to ensure consistent flow of desired quality and quantity of 
facilities and services without interruptions and generation of revenue 
and business enhancement. Sertec Aluminium Structures Limited was a 
supplier to JLR UK prior to becoming a related party and continues to be 
so after becoming an associate of JLR.
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or 
its subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Where  any  financial  indebtedness  is  incurred  to  make 
or  give 
inter-corporate  deposits,  advances  or 
investments:
Not applicable
Not applicable
loans, 
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
Not applicable
Not applicable
The  pricing  mechanism  followed  for  proposed  RPTs  shall  be  based 
on  Arm’s  Length  Principle  applicable  as  per  Jurisdictional  guidelines. 
Valuation  report  and/or  other  external  report,  if  applicable,  would  be 
obtained and relied upon.
564
b.
c.
2.
3.
a.