EPFO in December 2024, sent a recommendation to the Government of India for cancellation of the Company’s pension 
exemption, subject to fulfilment of certain conditions. The parties had series of meetings to channelize the migration of 
members data to EPFO’s unified portal, prominently the joint meetings in April 2025, of which the duly signed minutes were 
filed in the Court on May 1, 2025. It has been agreed in the said minutes that EPFO will provide a facility on the Unified 
Portal for the Company to migrate the members’ data on EPFO’s portal. The Company will start contribution in statutory 
pension fund w.e.f. wage month of July 2025. Pension Trust will transfer the liability towards normal pension valuation 
carried by EPFO. The Court took the above minutes on its records and fixed the matter on July 23, 2025 for implementation 
of same as per timelines agreed in the minutes.
41  Commitments and contingencies
In the ordinary course of business, the Company faces claims and assertions by various parties. The Company assesses 
such claims and assertions and monitors the legal environment on an ongoing basis, with the assistance of external legal 
counsel, wherever necessary. The Company records a liability for any claims where a potential loss is probable and capable 
of being estimated and discloses such matters in its financial statements, if material. For potential losses that are considered 
possible, but not probable, the Company provides disclosure in the financial statements but does not record a liability in its 
accounts unless the loss becomes probable.
The following is a description of claims and assertions where a potential loss is possible, but not probable. The Company 
believes that none of the contingencies described below would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial 
condition, results of operations or cash flows. Also, amounts below excludes consequential interest and penalty, if any.
Litigation
The Company is involved in legal proceedings, both as plaintiff and as defendant. There are claims which the Company does 
not believe to be of material nature, other than those described below.
Income Tax
The Company has ongoing disputes with income tax authorities relating to tax treatment of certain items. These mainly 
include  disallowed  expenses,  the  tax  treatment  of  certain  expenses  claimed  by  the  Company  as  deductions  and  the 
computation of, or eligibility of, the Company’s use of certain tax incentives or allowances.
Most of these disputes and/or disallowances, being repetitive in nature, have been raised by the income tax authorities 
consistently in most of the years.
‘The Company has a right of appeal to the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals), or CIT (A), the Dispute Resolution Panel, 
or DRP, and to the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, or ITAT, against adverse decisions by the assessing officer, DRP or CIT (A), 
as applicable. The income tax authorities have similar rights of appeal to the ITAT against adverse decisions by the CIT (A) 
or DRP. The Company has a further right of appeal to the Bombay High Court or the Hon’ble Supreme Court against adverse 
decisions by the appellate authorities for matters involving substantial question of law. The income tax authorities have 
similar rights of appeal.
As at March 31, 2025, contingent liabilities towards matters and/or disputes pending in appeal amount to ₹ 919 crores, 
which includes ₹ 10 crores in respect of equity accounted investees (₹ 803 crores, which includes ₹ 6 crores in respect of 
equity accounted investees as at March 31, 2024).
Customs, Excise Duty and Service Tax
As  at  March  31,  2025,  there  are  pending  litigations  for  various  matters  relating  to  customs,  excise  duty  and  service 
tax involving demands, including interest and penalties, of ₹ 475 crores, which includes ₹ 3 crores in respect of equity 
accounted investees (₹ 412 crores, which includes ₹ 4 crores in respect of equity accounted investees as at March 31, 2024). 
These demands challenged the basis of valuation of the Company’s products and denied the Company’s claims of Central 
Value Added Tax, or CENVAT, credit on inputs. There are no demands of more than ₹ 100 crores as at March 31, 2025.
Sales Tax
The total sales tax demands (including interest and penalty), that are being contested by the Company amount to ₹ 571 
crores, which includes ₹ 10 crores in respect of equity accounted investees as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 987 crores, which 
includes ₹ 10 crores in respect of equity accounted investees, as at March 31, 2024). The details of the demands for more 
than ₹100 crores are as follows:
382