Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Tata Motors Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements
its  subsidiary  company)  and 
Opinion
We  have  audited  the  standalone  financial  statements  of 
Tata  Motors  Limited  (the  “Company”),  its  joint  operation 
(including 
its  Trust  which 
comprise the standalone balance sheet as at 31 March 2025, 
and  the  standalone  statement  of  profit  and  loss  (including 
other  comprehensive  income),  standalone  statement  of 
changes in equity and standalone statement of cash flows for 
the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  standalone  financial 
statements, including material accounting policies and other 
explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to  the  explanations  given  to  us,  the  aforesaid  standalone 
financial  statements  give  the  information  required  by  the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the manner so required and 
give  a  true  and  fair  view  in  conformity  with  the  accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs 
of the Company as at 31 March 2025, and its profit and other 
comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows 
for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  the  Standards 
on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. 
Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in 
the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone 
Financial  Statements  section  of  our  report.  We  are 
independent  of  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  Code 
of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant 
to  our  audit  of  the  standalone  financial  statements  under 
the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we 
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe 
that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient 
and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion  on  the 
standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matter
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the 
standalone financial statements of the current period. These 
matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the 
standalone  financial  statements  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming 
our  opinion  thereon,  and  we  do  not  provide  a  separate 
opinion on these matters.
Provision for Warranty
See Note 27 to standalone financial statements
The key audit matter
How the matter was addressed in our audit
The  Company  incurs  a  liability  for  warranty  contracts 
on  new  vehicle  sales,  in  terms  of  which  it  is  obligated  to 
provide repair services for manufacturing defects over the 
contractual warranty period. As detailed in note 27 of the 
standalone financial statements, as at 31 March 2025, the 
Company has warranty provisions of Rs. 2,291 crores.
The  Company  records  a  warranty  provision  at  period  end 
which involves complexity, judgement and significant level 
of uncertainty. The computation of the provision considers 
the historical actual claims data and the recent data trends 
to  estimate  the  expected  payouts  for  vehicles  sold  in 
respective  years.  Such  expected  payouts  are  adjusted  for 
any  cost  savings  expected  from  various  ongoing  quality 
initiatives.    There  is  an  inherent  uncertainty  related  to 
future  events  which  may  not  mirror  past  experience.  The 
likelihood  of  risk  of  material  misstatement  has  further 
increased  due  to  increasing  warranty  spend  in  the  year 
which has diverged from provision levels.
419
In view of the significance of the matter we applied the following 
audit procedures in this area
Test of Controls: 
Evaluated  the  design  and  implementation  and  tested  the 
operating effectiveness of controls related to computation and 
approval of the warranty provisions. This includes evaluation of 
assumptions and information related to expected warranty cost 
per vehicle and future events related to expected cost savings 
underlying the warranty provision computation.
Test of details: 
 
 
 
Evaluated  any  changes  made  to  the  provision  policy  and 
computation model;
Assessed and challenged the assumptions and recomputed 
the inputs used in warranty provision computation;
Identified  and  tested  the  completeness  and  accuracy 
in  computation  of 
of  underlying 
provision  with 
Information 
technology specialists;
the  assistance  of  our 
information  used