Reimagine 
Reimagine is our strategy 
for transforming JLR into an 
exceptional, progressive and 
more sustainable business.
With sustainability at the heart of everything we do, we aim to achieve our goal of 
being carbon net zero by 2039 by providing our clients with a pure‑electric variant 
of all JLR brands by the end of the decade. 
Through Reimagine, we have delivered the highest full year profit in a decade and 
have achieved our target of becoming net cash positive by FY25.’ 
As part of our strategy, we have created a house of four truly exceptional brands: 
Range Rover, Defender, Discovery, and Jaguar, each with its own DNA, unique 
interpretation and strategy to become a distinct, desirable and profitable brand.
Under this structure, we elevate the unique characteristics and status of each 
individual British marque, creating an emotional connection with our clients, from 
leading by example with Range Rover to embracing the impossible with Defender 
and enjoying family adventures with Discovery. 
This past year we launched the fearlessly creative Jaguar brand, truly a copy 
of nothing.
We also opened the waiting list for our first pure‑electric car conceived under 
the Reimagine strategy, Range Rover Electric, which now stands which now 
exceeds 59,000.  
The electric future of all our brands is fundamental in our journey to carbon net 
zero, but it must be delivered at the pace at which different markets electrify 
around the world. To do this, we have a flexible powertrain strategy enabling us to 
offer internal combustion, plug‑in hybrid and full electric powertrains according to 
the demands of individual markets. Our Modular Longitudinal Architecture (MLA), 
on which Range Rover and Range Rover Sport are based, offers all three options 
to clients.
Following on from the reveal of the Jaguar Type 00 design vision vehicle in 
December 2024, we will reveal the first production all‑electric Jaguar on the 
dedicated Jaguar Electrified Architecture (JEA) later this year, taking a step towards 
all of our brands offering pure‑electric options by 2030. 
Industrial transformation
Reimagine is also about transforming our facilities to deliver this electrified 
future. We have completed the first test builds of Range Rover Electric in Solihull, 
following a considerable investment to upgrade and digitise our production lines 
ahead of client builds commencing. At Halewood, Merseyside, we are investing 
£500 million to enable the parallel production of existing internal combustion and 
plug‑in electric hybrid vehicles with next generation pure electric models built on 
the Electrified Modular Architecture (EMA). Our Electric Propulsion Manufacturing 
Centre in Wolverhampton, is now ready to produce battery packs and electric 
drive units. 
Beyond our products, Reimagine is committed to driving environmental, 
human and community impact for a truly exceptional business. To do this, our 
sustainability strategy is divided into three areas: Planet Regenerate, Engage for 
Good and Responsible Business.
48