(iv)   Post-retirement medicare scheme
Under this unfunded scheme, employees of Tata Motors Limited receive medical benefits subject to certain 
limits on amounts of benefits, periods after retirement and types of benefits, depending on their grade and 
location at the time of retirement. Employees separated from the Company as part of an Early Separation 
Scheme, on medical grounds or due to permanent disablement are also covered under the scheme. Tata 
Motors Limited account for the liability for post-retirement medical scheme based on an actuarial valuation.
(v)   Compensated absences
The Company provides for the encashment of leave or leave with pay subject to certain rules. The employees 
are entitled to accumulate leave subject to certain limits, for future encashment. The liability is provided 
based on the number of days of unutilised leave at each balance sheet date on the basis of an independent 
actuarial valuation.
(vi)   Remeasurement gains and losses
Remeasurement comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling and the return on assets 
(excluding interest) relating to retirement benefit plans, are recognised directly in other comprehensive 
income in the period in which they arise. Remeasurement recorded in other comprehensive income is not 
reclassified to statement of Profit and Loss.
Actuarial gains and losses relating to long-term employee benefits are recognised in the statement of Profit 
and Loss in the period in which they arise.
(vii)  Measurement date
The measurement date of retirement plans is March 31.
The present value of the defined benefit liability and the related current service cost and past service cost 
are measured using projected unit credit method.
The  present  value  of  the  post-employment  benefit  obligations  depends  on  a  number  of  factors,  it  is 
determined on an actuarial basis using a number of assumptions. The assumptions used in determining the 
net cost/(income) for pensions include the discount rate, inflation and mortality assumptions. Any changes 
in these assumptions will impact upon the carrying amount of post-employment benefit obligations. Key 
assumptions and sensitivities for post employment benefit obligations are disclosed in note below.
(b)  Employee benefits consists of the following:
(i) 
 Defined Benefit Plan
Pension (Gratuity and BKY) and post retirement medical plans
The  following  tables  sets  out  the  funded  and  unfunded  status  and  the  amounts  recognised  in  the  financial 
statements for the pension and the post retirement medical plans in respect of Tata  Motors and joint operations:
Pension Benefits
Post retirement medical Benefits
Year ended March 31,
Year ended March 31,
2025
2024
2025
2024
(₹ in crores)
Change in defined benefit obligations :
Defined benefit obligation, beginning of the 
year
Defined Benefit Obligation for 
Superanuation
Current service cost
Interest cost
Remeasurements  (gains) / losses
 1,316 
 1,193 
 -   
 81 
 89 
 (12)
 74 
 82 
 393 
 -   
 17 
 27 
 Actuarial  gain/(loss)  arising 
changes in demographic assumptions
from 
 (12)
 4 
 (27)
 328 
 -