Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the Standalone Financial Statements of Tata 
Motors Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of 
our report of even date)
lying  with  third  parties  at  the  year-end,  written 
confirmations have been obtained and for goods-
in-transit  subsequent  evidence  of  receipts  has 
been linked with inventory records. In our opinion, 
the  frequency  of  such  verification  is  reasonable 
and  procedures  and  coverage  as  followed  by 
management were appropriate.  No discrepancies 
were noticed on verification between the physical 
stocks and the book records that were more than 
10% in the aggregate of each class of inventory.
(b)  According  to  the  information  and  explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company has been 
sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five 
crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks or financial 
institutions  on  the  basis  of  security  of  current 
assets.  In  our  opinion,  the  quarterly  returns  or 
statements filed by the Company with such banks 
or financial institutions are in agreement with the 
books of account of the Company.
(iii)  According to the information and explanations given to us 
and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not provided any securities 
to  companies,  firms,  limited  liability  partnership  or 
any  other  parties  during  the  year.  The  Company  has 
granted loans, secured or unsecured to employees and 
companies, granted advances in the nature of loans to 
employees  and  other  parties,  provided  guarantees  to 
other parties and made investments in companies. The 
Company  has  not  made  any  investments  in  or  granted 
any  loans,  secured  or  unsecured,  to  firms  or  limited 
liability partnership.
(a)  Based  on  the  audit  procedures  carried  on  by  us 
and as per the information and explanations given 
to  us  the  Company  has  granted  loans,  secured  or 
unsecured, granted advances in the nature of loans 
to  companies,  employees  and  other  parties  and 
provided guarantees to other parties as below:
(i) 
(a)  
(A)  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details  and  situation  of  Property,  Plant 
and Equipment.
(B)  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars of intangible assets.
(b)  According  to  the  information  and  explanations 
given  to  us  and  on  the  basis  of  our  examination 
of  the  records  of  the  Company,  the  Company  has 
a  regular  programme  of  physical  verification  of 
its  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  by  which  all 
property,  plant  and  equipment  are  verified  in 
a  phased  manner  over  a  period  of  three  years.  
In  accordance  with  this  programme,  certain 
property,  plant  and  equipment  were  verified 
during the year. In our opinion, this periodicity of 
physical  verification  is  reasonable  having  regard 
to  the  size  of  the  Company  and  the  nature  of  its 
assets.  No material discrepancies were noticed on 
such verification.
(c)  According  to  the  information  and  explanations 
given  to  us  and  on  the  basis  of  our  examination 
of  the  records  of  the  Company,  the  title  deeds  of 
immovable  properties  (other  than 
immovable 
properties  where  the  Company  is  the  lessee  and 
the leases agreements are duly executed in favour 
of the lessee) disclosed in the standalone financial 
statements are held in the name of the Company.
(d)  According  to  the  information  and  explanations 
given  to  us  and  on  the  basis  of  our  examination 
of  the  records  of  the  Company,  the  Company  has 
not  revalued  its  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment 
(including Right of Use assets) or intangible assets 
or both during the year.
(e)  According  to  the  information  and  explanations 
given  to  us  and  on  the  basis  of  our  examination 
of  the  records  of  the  Company,  there  are  no 
proceedings 
initiated  or  pending  against  the 
Company  for  holding  any  benami  property  under 
the  Prohibition  of  Benami  Property  Transactions 
Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii)   (a)  The  inventory,  except  goods-in-transit  and  stocks 
lying with third parties, has been physically verified 
by  the  management  during  the  year.For  stocks 
424