The carrying amount of goodwill has been allocated to CGU as follows:
Passenger vehicles - automotive and related activity segment (Tata and other brand vehicles)
Others - software consultancy and service
Total
(₹ in crores)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
99
796
895
99
761
860
The recoverable amount has been determined based on value in use. Value in use has been determined based on future 
cash flows, after considering current economic conditions and trends, estimated future operating results, growth rates and 
anticipated future economic conditions.
As at March 31, 2025, the estimated cash flows for a period of five years were developed using internal forecasts, and a 
pre-tax discount rate of 12.20% (2024: 16.22%). The cash flows beyond five years have been extrapolated assuming 5% 
long-term growth rates. The management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions would not 
cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit. 
6   Other Intangible assets
(A)  Accounting policy
Intangible assets purchased, including those acquired in business combinations, are measured at cost which is the  fair 
value as of the date of acquisition where applicable less accumulated amortization and impairment, if any. Intangible 
assets with indefinite lives are reviewed annually to determine whether an indefinite-life assessment continues to be 
supportable. If not, the change in the useful-life assessment from indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.
For intangible assets with finite lives, amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives 
of the acquired intangible assets as per the estimated amortisation period below
Type of Asset
Patents and technological know-how                               
Software                                                                                                  
Customer related intangibles - Dealer network                 
Intellectual property rights                                                    
Product development costs
Estimated 
amortisation period
 2 to 12 years 
 1 to 8 years 
 20 years 
 3 to 10 years 
 2 to 10 years 
The amortisation period for intangible assets with finite useful lives is reviewed at least at each year-end. Changes in 
expected useful lives are treated as changes in accounting estimates.
Internally generated intangible asset
Research costs are charged to the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the year in which they are incurred.
Product development costs incurred on new vehicle platform, engines, transmission and new products are recognised 
as intangible assets, when feasibility has been established, the Company has committed technical, financial and other 
resources to complete the development and it is probable that asset will generate probable future economic benefits.
The  costs  capitalised  include  the  cost  of  materials,  direct  labour  and  directly  attributable  overhead  expenditure 
incurred up to the date the asset is available for use. Interest cost incurred is capitalised up to the date the asset is 
ready for its intended use, based on borrowings incurred specifically for financing the asset or the weighted average 
rate of all other borrowings if no specific borrowings have been incurred for the asset.
Product development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment, if any.
330