Kosaraju 
Veerayya 
The Board on the recommendation of NRC and in accordance 
with  provisions  of  the  Act  and  SEBI  Listing  Regulations,  has 
re-appointed  Mr 
Chowdary  
(DIN:  08485334)  as  a  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  
for  the  second  consecutive  term  for  the  period  from  
October  27,  2025  to  October  10,  2029  (both  days  inclusive) 
when  he  attains  the  retirement  age  of  75  years,  as  per  the 
terms  of  the  Governance  Guidelines  on  Board  Effectiveness 
for Tata Companies, subject to approval of the Shareholders 
of the Company by way of a Special Resolution at this AGM.
The Board on the recommendation of NRC and in accordance 
with  provisions  of  the  Act  and  SEBI  Listing  Regulations  has 
appointed  Mr  Guenter  Karl  Butschek  (DIN:  07427375)  as 
an  Additional  and  Non-Executive  Independent  Director 
on  the  Board  for  a  tenure  of  5  years  from  May  1,  2025  to  
April  30,  2030  (both  days  inclusive),  subject  to  approval  of 
Members at this AGM. He shall hold office as an Additional 
Director  upto  the  date  of  this  AGM  and  is  eligible  for 
appointment as an Independent Director.
In accordance with provisions of the Act and the Articles of 
Association of the Company, Mr Natarajan Chandrasekaran, 
Non-Executive Director (DIN: 00121863) is liable to retire by 
rotation at this AGM and is eligible for re-appointment.
The disclosures required pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations and the Secretarial Standards on General 
Meeting (‘SS-2’) are given in the Notice of AGM, forming part 
of the Annual Report.
Independent Directors
In  terms  of  Section  149  of  the  Act  and  the  SEBI  Listing 
Regulations,  Mr  Om  Prakash  Bhatt,  Ms  Hanne  Sorensen, 
Ms  Vedika  Bhandarkar,  Mr  Kosaraju  Veerayya  Chowdary,  
Mr  Al-Noor  Ramji,  Mrs  Usha  Sangwan,  Mr  Bharat  Puri  and  
Mr Guenter Karl Butschek are the Independent Directors of 
the Company as on the date of this Report.
All  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  have  given 
declarations  under  Section  149(7)  of  the  Act,  that  they 
meet  the  criteria  of  independence  as  laid  down  under  
Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, the Independent Directors have confirmed 
that  they  are  not  aware  of  any  circumstance  or  situation, 
which  exists  or  may  be  reasonably  anticipated,  that  could 
impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an 
objective independent judgement and without any external 
influence.  The  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  have 
undertaken  requisite  steps  towards  the  inclusion  of  their 
names in the data bank of Independent Directors maintained 
with  the  Indian  Institute  of  Corporate  Affairs,  in  terms  of 
Section 150 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.
In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors possess 
the  requisite  expertise  and  experience  and  are  persons  of 
high integrity and repute. They fulfill the conditions specified 
in the Act read alongwith the Rules made thereunder and are 
independent of the Management.
Key Managerial Personnel
In  terms  of  Section  203  of  the  Act,  the  Key  Managerial 
Personnel (‘KMPs’) of the Company during FY25 are:
•  Mr Girish Wagh, Executive Director
•  Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer
•  Mr  Maloy  Kumar  Gupta,  Company  Secretary  and 
Compliance Officer
During  the  year  under  review,  there  were  no  change  in  the 
KMPs of the Company.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Pursuant  to  Regulation  34  of  the  SEBI  Listing  Regulations, 
Report  on  Corporate  Governance  along  with  the  certificate 
from  a  Practicing  Company  Secretary  certifying  compliance 
with  conditions  of  Corporate  Governance  is  annexed  to 
this Report.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The  Management  Discussion  and  Analysis,  as  required  in 
terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations, is annexed to this Report.
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
The Board of Directors held 6 (six) meetings during FY25.
For  details,  please  refer  to  the  Report  on  Corporate 
Governance, which forms part of this Report.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The  Committees  of  the  Board  focus  on  certain  specific 
line  with  the 
informed  decisions 
areas  and  make 
delegated authority.
in 
The following Committees constituted by the Board function 
according to their respective roles and defined scope:
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Audit Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
Risk Management Committee
Safety, Health and Sustainability Committee
Technology Committee
Allotment Committee
160