Disaster Relief Alliance
Defender also commits to activating 
additional support in the event of a 
disaster, emergency or outbreak of 
violence in conflict and is a member 
of the British Red Cross Disaster Relief 
Alliance (DRA). Together with other 
businesses in the DRA, Defender 
invests in the Disaster Fund, which 
is drawn upon by the British Red 
Cross to support communities in 
the anticipation or aftermath of 
humanitarian crises. Projects in the 
UK and Italy enhanced emergency 
response capabilities. Since this phase 
of the partnership began in April 2022, 
the partnership projects have reached 
1,58,306 people.
Community resilience
Last year, these partnership 
programmes supported volunteers 
to deliver emergency readiness 
workshops and psychological first aid 
to remote communities in Australia. In 
Nepal — a global hotspot for natural 
disasters — we helped to mobilise 
volunteers to provide life‑saving 
services and deploy disaster response 
plans. In Switzerland Switzerland, 
REDOG Search and Rescue members 
continued to enhance their skills in 
missing and buried person searches 
through 1,620 training sessions.
The Amos Bursary, UK
This year, we renewed our partnership 
with The Amos Bursary to support 
students of African Caribbean descent 
aged 16+ for up to five years whilst 
they are in higher education. This is our 
second consecutive year of support for 
The Amos Bursary and brings our total 
investment in the charity to £60,000. 
Our investment will help to advance 
the future careers of students from 
under‑represented groups in areas 
close to our UK manufacturing sites.
Movimento Sem Barreiras 
(Movement Without Barriers), 
Brazil
This is the first project aimed at people 
with disabilities in the Itatiaia region of 
Brazil. Focused on inclusion, learning 
and fun in the sports of swimming 
and athletics — the project provides a 
great opportunity for 70 children and 
teenagers to get involved in an area 
where there are few sports projects for 
people with disabilities.
135