B)   Notes to reserves
a)  Capital redemption reserve
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 (the “Companies Act”) requires that where a company purchases its own shares 
out of free reserves or securities premium account, a sum equal to the nominal value of the shares so purchased 
shall be transferred to a capital redemption reserve account and details of such transfer shall be disclosed in the 
balance sheet. The capital redemption reserve account may be applied by the Company, in paying up unissued 
shares of the company to be issued to shareholders of the company as fully paid bonus shares. Tata Motors 
Limited established this reserve pursuant to the redemption of preference shares issued in earlier years. 
b)  Debenture redemption reserve (DRR)
The Companies Act requires that where a company issues debentures, it shall create a debenture redemption 
reserve out of profits of the Company available for payment of dividend. The company is required to maintain 
a  Debenture  Redemption  Reserve  of  25%  of  the  value  of  debentures  issued,  either  by  a  public  issue  or  on  a 
private placement basis. The amounts credited to the debenture redemption reserve may not be utilised by the 
Company except to redeem debentures. Transfers represent DRR on debentures issued before August 16, 2019 
and pertaining to debentures repaid during the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. No DRR is required for 
debentures issued after August 16, 2019.
c)  Securities premium
The amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recognised in Securities Premium.
d)  Retained earnings
Retained  earnings  are  the  profits  that  the  Company  has  earned  till  date,  add/(less)  any  transfers  from/(to) 
general reserve, securities premium and debenture redemption reserve, dividends or other distributions paid 
to shareholders. Retained earnings includes re-measurement gain/(loss) on defined benefit obligations, net of 
taxes that will not be reclassified to Profit and Loss.
e)  Capital reserve
The capital reserve represents the excess of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the consideration paid/
received or vice versa in a common control sale/transfer of business/investment.
f)  Share-based payments reserve
Share-based payments reserve represents amount of fair value, as on the date of grant, of unvested options and 
vested options not exercised till date, that have been recognised as expense in the statement of profit and loss till date.
g)   Dividends
Any dividend declared by Tata Motors Limited is based on the profits available for distribution as reported in 
the statutory financial statements of Tata Motors Limited (standalone) prepared in accordance with Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles in India or Ind AS. Indian law permits the declaration and payment of dividend 
out of profits for the year or previous financial year(s) as stated in the statutory financial statements of Tata 
Motors  Limited  (Standalone)  prepared  in  accordance  with  Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles  in  India, 
or Ind AS after providing for depreciation in accordance with the provisions of Schedule II to the Companies 
Act. However, in the absence of the said profits, it may declare dividend out of free reserves, subject to certain 
conditions as prescribed under the Companies (Declaration and Payment of Dividend) Rules, 2014. Accordingly, 
in certain years the net income reported in this Financial Statements may not be fully distributable.
For the year ended March 31, 2025, the Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of ₹6.00 per fully 
paid up Ordinary share of ₹2.00 each, subject to approval by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, 
and  if  approved,  would  result  in  a  cash  outflow  of  ₹2,209  crores.  The  Company  has  paid  a  final  dividend  of 
₹3.00 per fully paid up Ordinary shares and ₹3.10 per fully paid up ‘A’ Ordinary shares and a special dividend of 
₹3.00 per fully paid up Ordinary share of ₹2.00 each and ₹3.10 per fully paid up ‘A’ Ordinary share of ₹2.00 each 
totalling to ₹2,310 crores for the year ended March 31, 2024.
458