assessment, 
introduction  of  wellness  coaches,  Canteen 
menu  transformation  etc),  secondary  prevention  (ensuring 
disease control status, stress testing), and primary prevention 
(tobacco cessation program, weight management program & 
pre-diabetes detection/ awareness) resulted in improvement 
in overall health & well-being of the employees.
The  Company  continues  to  provide  “Employees  Assistance 
Program”- a confidential, third party, free of cost counselling 
service for employees and dependents since April 2020. During 
FY25,  1,037  employees  and  dependents  availed  counselling 
service through helpline & offline counselling offered.
As  a  result  of  effective  wellness  strategies  and  focused 
implementation  across  employee  groups,  The  Company 
received  “Corporate  Wellbeing  Excellence  Award”  by  jury 
members  of  Global  Mental  Health  &  Wellbeing  Summit  in 
March 2025.
ENERGY & ENVIRONMENT
The  Company  has  always  been  conscious  of  the  need  to 
conserve  energy  in  its  manufacturing  plants  and  to  protect 
the  environment.  Energy  conservation  is  achieved  through 
optimized consumption of power and fossil fuels and through 
improvements in energy productivity via Energy Conservation 
(‘ENCON’)  projects.  These  efforts  contribute  to  reducing 
operational costs and mitigating climate change by lowering 
greenhouse gas emissions.
The  Company  is  also  a  signatory  to  RE100-a  collaborative, 
global initiative of influential businesses committed to 100% 
renewable electricity. It is actively working towards increasing 
the  amount  of  renewable  energy  generated  in-house  and 
procured from off-site sources.
In  FY25,  ENCON  efforts  contributed  to  energy  savings  of  
44.1  lakh  kWh  of  electricity  and  12908  GJ  of  fuel,  resulting 
in  the  avoidance  of  3978  tonnes  of  CO₂  emissions.  During 
FY25,  the  Company  generated  or  sourced  148  million  kWh 
of  renewable  electricity  for  its  manufacturing  operations, 
representing  45%  of  the  total  power  consumption  for 
its  Commercial  Vehicle  operations  and  thereby  avoiding  
1.07 lakh tonnes of CO₂ emissions.
The  Company  generates  renewable  energy  (RE)  in-house 
through  solar  photovoltaic  (PV)  installations  and  off-site 
captive wind farms. Additionally, it procures off-site wind and 
solar  power  through  “Power  Purchase  Agreements”  (PPAs) 
and International Renewable Energy Certificates (i-RECs). As 
at  the  end  of  FY25,  the  Company’s  in-house  installed  Solar 
PV capacity are Pimpri (Pune): 18.5 MWp, Chinchwad (Pune): 
2.4  MWp,  Jamshedpur:  11.5  MWp,  Pantnagar:  16  MWp,  
Lucknow: 6.1 MWp and Dharwad: 1 MWp.
In  FY25,  the  Company  also  reduced  fresh  water  withdrawal 
by a total of 2.4 lakh m³ of water through effluent recycling 
and rainwater harvesting, accounting for 8% of its total fresh 
159
water  withdrawal.  The  plants  at  Lucknow,  Pantnagar  and 
Dharwad  have  achieved  Water  Positive  certification  as  per 
CII-GBC standards. The remaining plants are working towards 
achieving similar certifications.
Furthermore,  in  FY25,  the  Company  sustained  its  efforts 
across  all  plants  to  divert  hazardous  waste  from  landfill  or 
incineration  and  to  derive  value  from  such  waste.  Several 
plants  divert  hazardous  waste  for  energy  recovery  through 
co-processing  at  cement  plants.  The  plants  at  Lucknow, 
Pantnagar and Dharwad have achieved Zero Waste to Landfill 
certification  as  per  CII-GBC  standards.  The  Company  will 
continue this initiative with the ultimate goal of achieving ‘Zero 
Waste to Landfill’ status for all its manufacturing operations.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
The brief outline of the Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’) 
Policy of the Company and the initiatives undertaken by the 
Company  on  CSR  activities  during  the  year  in  the  format 
prescribed  in  the  Companies  (‘CSR  Policy’)  Rules,  2014 
are  set  out  in  Annexure-2  of  this  Report.  The  CSR  Policy  is 
available on Company’s website at URL: https://static-assets.
tatamotors.com/Production/www-tatamotors-com-NEW/
wp-content/uploads/2024/04/csr-policy.pdf
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY 
ABSORPTION & FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
EARNING AND OUTGO
The  information  on  conservation  of  energy,  technology 
absorption  and  foreign  exchange  earnings  and  outgo 
stipulated under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act, read along with 
Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, is annexed 
herewith as Annexure - 3.
ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant  to  Section  92(3)  of  the  Act  and  Rule  12  of  the 
Companies  (Management  and  Administration)  Rules,  2014, 
the  Annual  Return  for  FY25  is  uploaded  on  the  website  of 
the  Company  and  the  same  is  available  on  https://www.
tatamotors.com/annual-reports/
DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL
Appointment / Re-appointment
As  reported  last  year,  Mr  Bharat  Puri  (DIN:  02173566),  was 
appointed as an Additional and Non-Executive Independent 
Director on the Board of the Company w.e.f. May 15, 2024.  
At  the  79th  AGM  held  on  June  24,  2024,  the  Members 
approved his appointment as an Independent Director of the 
Company for a period of 5 years, i.e., from May 15, 2024 to 
May 14, 2029 (both days inclusive).