DIVIDEND
Declaration and Payment of Dividend
The Board of Directors (‘ the Board’) is pleased to recommend 
declaration of a final dividend amounting to ₹6/- per Ordinary/
Equity Share of face value ₹2/- each fully paid-up, i.e., (300%) 
for FY25.
The  Board  has  recommended  the  dividend  based  on  the 
parameters laid down in the Dividend Distribution Policy and 
dividend will be paid out of the profits of the year.
The said dividend, if approved by the Members at the ensuing 
Annual  General  Meeting  (‘the  AGM’)  will  be  paid  to  those 
Members whose name appears on the register of Members 
(including Beneficial Owners) of the Company as at the end 
of Wednesday, June 4, 2025. The said dividend, would involve 
cash outflow of ₹2,209 crore, resulting in a payout of 40.5% of 
the standalone net profit of the Company for FY25.
Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020, dividend income is taxable 
in  the  hands  of  the  Members,  w.e.f.  April  1,  2020  and  the 
Company is required to deduct tax at source from dividend 
paid to the Members at prescribed rates as per the Income 
Tax Act, 1961.
Record Date
The  Company  has  fixed  Wednesday,  June  4,  2025  as  the 
“Record Date” for the purpose of determining the entitlement 
of Members to receive dividend for FY25.
India 
Dividend Distribution Policy
Pursuant  to  Regulation  43A  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange 
Board  of 
(Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), 
the  Board  had  formulated  a  Dividend  Distribution  Policy 
(‘the  Policy’).  The  Policy  is  available  on  the  Company’s 
website  URL  at:  https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
uploads/2023/11/dividend-distribution-policy.pdf
TRANSFER TO RESERVES
The Board has decided to retain the entire amount of profit 
for FY25 in the distributable retained earnings.
An  amount  of  ₹127  crore  was  transferred  from  Debenture 
Redemption Reserve to retained earnings in FY25.
in  FY25, 
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
The  Indian  Commercial  Vehicle  industry  experienced  mixed 
trends 
influenced  by  macroeconomic  caution 
and  evolving  market  dynamics.  The  industry  registered  
year-on-year a marginal decline of approximately 1%, largely 
due to a slowdown in the Heavy Commercial Vehicle (‘HCV’) 
and Small Commercial Vehicle (‘SCV’) segments, particularly 
during  the  second  quarter.  Demand  remained  measured  in 
the lead-up to state and general elections, contributing to a 
moderation in overall volumes.
The  bus  segment,  however  continued  to  perform  steadily, 
supported  by  sustained  government  investments  in  public 
transportation and the gradual shift toward electric mobility. 
SCVs and pickups faced challenges arising from muted rural 
demand  and  tighter  credit  availability,  which  impacted 
retail  momentum.  Electric  commercial  vehicles  witnessed 
growing interest, particularly in the bus and last-mile delivery 
segments,  aided  by  the  progression  of  public  tenders  and 
improving Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) economics.
At the broader industry level, infrastructure investments and 
increased  adoption  of  digital  tools  supported  operational 
efficiencies  and 
influenced  fleet  replacement  decisions. 
The  continued  transition  toward  cleaner  mobility,  including 
electric, Compressed Natural Gas (‘CNG’) and alternative fuel 
vehicles, remained a key consideration in Original Equipment 
Manufacturer (‘OEM’) strategies.
Please  refer  to  the  paragraph  on  Commercial  Vehicles  in 
India in the Management Discussion & Analysis section of the 
Integrated Annual Report for detailed analysis.
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited 
(‘TMPVL’)
The  Indian  Passenger  Vehicle  (‘PV’)  industry  witnessed  a 
modest 2% growth in FY25, following three consecutive years 
of growth, reaching 4.3 million units of sales. The segmental 
shifts  in  the  industry  continued  to  gain  momentum,  with 
Sport Utility Vehicle (‘SUVs’) accounting for 55% of the new 
industry  sales,  while  hatches  and  sedans  remained  under 
stress.  Notably,  demand  for  emission-friendly  CNG  vehicles 
remained robust, recording a 35% increase over FY24.
In FY25, the PV business (including Electric Vehicles), achieved 
sales of 5,56,367 units, including 2,693 units of sales in exports. 
The PV business outperformed the industry, registering 11% 
and 60% growth in the SUV and CNG segments, respectively, 
compared  to  FY24.  The  launches  of  Tata  Curvv  and  Tata 
Nexon CNG has been well received by the market, while the 
Tata Punch emerged as the #1 car in India in CY24.
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited 
(‘TPEML’)
The  Indian  Electric  Vehicle  (‘EV’)  industry  experienced  a 
moderation  in  growth  in  FY25,  registering  a  14%  growth 
over FY24. This slowdown was driven by negative customer 
sentiments  towards  EVs  in  the  first  half  of  the  year,  as  well 
as sharp decline in the EV fleet segment following expiry of 
the FAME II incentive program. However, the latter half of the 
year  saw  a  renewed  promise  in  the  EV  industry,  with  more 
151