Kaushalya  programme  are  subsequently  employed  by  our 
channel  partners  and  vendors,  creating  a  robust  talent 
ecosystem  for  the  future.  Over  the  past  three  years,  the 
program has benefited more than 16,000 individuals and more 
than 1,672 trainees have been placed across the ecosystem.
INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS
We  have  labour  unions  for  our  technicians  at  all  our  plants 
across  India  except  the  Dharwad  plant.  The  Company 
maintains cordial relations with its employees at its factories 
and  offices  and  has  been  supported  by  the  unions  in  the 
implementation of several reforms to improve safety, quality, 
cost  erosion  and  enhance  productivity  across  all  locations. 
Technicians  and  unions  have  supported  business  continuity 
to achieve productivity levels during challenging times caused 
by COVID-19 and the semi-conductor supply chain crisis.
Employee  wages  are  paid  in  accordance  with  the  wage 
settlements  signed  that  have  varying  terms  (typically  three 
to  five  years)  at  different  locations.  The  expiration  dates  of 
the  wage  agreements  for  various  locations/subsidiaries  are 
as below: 
Location/subsidiaries
Jaguar Land Rover – UK Plants
Mumbai
Pune – Passenger Vehicles
Pantnagar – Commercial Vehicles
Lucknow – Commercial Vehicles
Sanand – Passenger Vehicles
Pune – Commercial Vehicles 
Jamshedpur – Commercial Vehicles
Sanand 2 – TPEM 
Wage Agreement valid 
until
31-Oct -25
31-Dec-25
31-Aug-25
31-Mar-26
31-Mar-28
31-July-28
31-Aug-25
31-Mar-26
31-Mar-28
A) 
LONG-TERM WAGE SETTLEMENTS (LTS)
Tata  Motors  fosters  strong  and  collaborative  industrial 
relations  with  its  seven  unions,  representing  over 
15,000  technicians.  Open  dialogue,  mutual  respect, 
and  joint  forums  help  address  challenges  and  align  on 
shared  goals.  In  FY25,  five  long-term,  productivity-
linked settlements were successfully signed at Lucknow, 
Sanand-1, Sanand-2 and TMBSL Lucknow & Dharwad—
reflecting  our  commitment 
inclusive  growth, 
future-readiness,  and  sustained  partnership  between 
management and workforce.
to 
B)  BONUS
Bonus  settlements  have  been  signed  at  all  locations, 
based  on  a  formula-driven  calculation 
linked  to 
improvements  in  profitability,  productivity,  safety,  and 
quality.  Beyond  enhancing  operational  efficiency,  this 
initiative  significantly  strengthens  engagement  and 
collaboration  with  our  business  partners,  fostering 
mutual respect, shared responsibility, and transparency 
among employees.
C)  ACCELERATING THE JOURNEY AT TPEM SANAND-2
Following  its  successful  acquisition  and  assimilation  of 
Sanand-2  into  Tata  Motors,  the  new  facility  has  now 
transitioned  into  full-fledged  production.  This  marks  a 
significant  milestone  in  our  growth  journey.  To  enable 
a  seamless  integration  and  empower  the  workforce, 
multiple  initiatives  have  been  rolled  out  across  key 
focus  areas—Culture,  Capability  Building,  Higher 
Education,  Health  &  Well-being,  and  Collaboration  & 
Communication. These efforts are aimed at fostering a 
cohesive work environment, aligned with Tata Motors’ 
values, and building a future-ready, engaged workforce.
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
At our organization, we firmly believe that diversity, equity, 
and  inclusion  (DEI)  are  essential  drivers  of  innovation.  By 
embracing  varied  perspectives  and  lived  experiences  from 
across different backgrounds, we create a workplace culture 
that  encourages  creativity,  collaboration,  and  breakthrough 
thinking. To formalize our commitment, in FY24 we introduced 
a dedicated DEI brand identity — DEIsha — which serves as the 
anchor for all DEI-related initiatives across the organization. 
In FY25, we launched the Lighthouse Framework, designed to 
assess  and  advance  progress  across  ten  critical  focus  areas 
of DEI.
Some of the key initiatives this year include:
• 
• 
• 
• 
Inclusive  Policies:  All  organizational  policies  were 
reviewed and made gender-neutral. Along with updates 
on our Sabbatical policy, two more policies — Utkarsha 
and  Vidyadhan  —  were  introduced  to  support  our 
internal  employees  in  need  of  genuine  assistance  for 
capability development.
Net  Promoter  Score  /  Culture  and  Engagement:  We 
launched DEI Round Robbin — a structured engagement 
initiative  where  women  employees  across  locations 
participated in conversations around our cultural values.
Capability  Development:  DEIsha  rolled  out  the  second 
cohort of empowHER, a flagship empowerment program 
for women professionals at L4 and L5 levels. A total of 78 
women have embarked on this journey.
Enabling Persons with Disabilities (PWD): We worked on 
PWD  inclusion  and  onboarded  ~  141  PWD  employees 
across locations such as Pune, Jamshedpur, and Dharwad 
and Lucknow. As of March 31, 2025, a total of 166 PWDs 
are contributing to our workforce.
261