Classification and measurement – financial liabilities:
Financial  liabilities  are  classified  as  measured  at  amortised  cost  or  FVTPL.  A  financial  liability  is  classified  as 
at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, 
are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or 
loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.
Financial guarantee contracts: These are initially measured at their fair values and, are subsequently measured 
at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined or the amount initially recognized less, the cumulative 
amount of income recognized.
Other financial liabilities: These are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Equity instruments:
An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  residual  interests  in  the  assets  of  the  Company  after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, 
net of direct issue costs.
(ii) 
 Determination of fair value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or 
estimated using another valuation technique.
The fair value of a financial instrument on initial recognition is normally the transaction price (fair value of the 
consideration given or received).
In estimating the fair value of an asset or liability, the Company takes into account the characteristics of the asset 
or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability 
at the measurement date.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the Company determines the fair value of financial instruments that are quoted 
in  active  markets  using  the  quoted  bid  prices  (financial  assets  held)  or  quoted  ask  prices  (financial  liabilities 
held) and using valuation techniques for other instruments. Valuation techniques include discounted cash flow 
method and other valuation methods
(iii)  Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities
The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset 
expires or it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to 
another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership 
and continues to control the transferred asset, the Company recognises its retained interest in the asset and an 
associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Company retains substantially all the risks and rewards 
of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Company continues to recognise the financial asset and also 
recognises  a  collateralised  borrowing  for  the  proceeds  received.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  derecognition  is 
recognised in profit or loss. When a financial instrument is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in equity 
is transferred to the statement of profit and loss unless it was an equity instrument electively held at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. In this case, any cumulative gain or loss in equity is transferred to retained 
earnings. Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The Company 
reviews the facts and circumstances around each asset before making a determination. Financial assets that are 
written off could still be subject to enforcement activities.
Financial liabilities are decrecognised when these are extinguished, that is when the obligation is discharged, 
cancelled or has expired.
386