Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TTL
b.
Type,  material  terms,  tenure,  monetary  value  and 
particulars of the proposed RPTs
The  Company  and  TTL  have  entered  into  /  propose  to  enter  into  the 
following RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,353 
crore (with funding transactions not exceeding ₹600 crore outstanding at 
any point of time and operational transactions not exceeding ₹753 crore) 
•  
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Purchase / sale of goods
Availing / rendering of engineering and non-engineering services
Inter-corporate deposits / taken
Interest received / paid
Asset purchase/Sale
Rent received
Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover 
for  the  immediately  preceding  financial  year,  which  is 
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
0.31%
Justification for the proposed RPTs
TTL  provides  product  engineering  services  which  caters  to  the  global 
manufacturing  industry;  enabling  ambitious  manufacturing  companies 
(including the Company) to design and build better products. Engineering 
and  Design  services  provide  outsourced  engineering  services  for  TTL 
manufacturing  customers  globally  to  help  them  conceive,  design, 
develop and realize better products and Digital Enterprise Solutions help 
manufacturing  customers  identify  and  deploy  emerging  technologies, 
tools and solutions to manufacture, service and realize better products. 
The  Company  has  existing  equity  investment  in  TTL.  In  addition  to  this, 
TTL  may  also  place  ICDs  with  the  Company  to  earn  interest  income  on 
surplus funds and support working capital requirements of the Company. 
The aforementioned transactions will not only help both the companies 
to  smoothen  business  operations  but  will  also  ensure  a  consistent  flow 
of  desired  quality  and  quantity  of  various  facilities  for  uninterrupted 
operations  and  an  increase  in  productivity.  This  in  turn  will  contribute 
towards Tata Motors Group synergy and sustainability.
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its 
subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Where  any  financial  indebtedness  is  incurred  to  make 
or  give 
inter-corporate  deposits,  advances  or 
investments:
loans, 
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
Own share capital / Internal accruals and liquidity of the Company and TTL
Not Applicable
Inter-corporate deposits taken aggregating to, not exceeding, ₹ 600 crore 
outstanding at any point of time.
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Lock in Period of 2 days and thereafter on ‘demand to pay basis’
Tenure: up to 12 months.
 Interest  rate:  upto  8%;  linked  to  the  Company’s  short-term 
borrowing rate
Repayment Schedule: Not Applicable
The above inter-corporate deposits are under unsecured category
To meet working capital requirements of the Company/TTL
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the 
past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with report 
of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the electronic 
copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to Note 11 given 
in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of other RPTs, the 
pricing  mechanism  would  be  as  per  Arm’s  Length  criteria  based  on  the 
market price or alternative pricing method of relevant materials and/or 
services. Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable, 
shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements 
/ recoveries, same would be basis actual cost incurred.
c.
2
3
a.
b.