Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TTL
5
6
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
Any other information that may be relevant
Mrs  Usha  Sangwan,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also  an 
Independent Director on the Board of TTL. Her interest or concern or that 
of her relatives is limited only to the extent of her holding directorship / 
KMP position in the Company and TTL. 
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 13 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 13 
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No. 13 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
Item No. 14
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’) with Tata Technologies Europe Limited (‘TTEL’), including the 
information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, 
are as follows:
Sr. No Description
Details of proposed RPTs JLRL with TTEL
1
a.
b.
c.
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern or 
interest (financial or otherwise)
Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and particulars 
of the proposed RPTs
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned 
subsidiary  of  the  Company.  JLRA  is  into  the  design,  development, 
luxury  saloons, 
manufacture  and  marketing  of  high-performance 
specialist  sports  cars,  four-wheel  drive  off-road  vehicles  and  related 
components.  JLRA  is  hold  by  the  Company  thru  its  wholly  owned 
subsidiary in Singapore namely TML Holding Pte Limited.
Jaguar Land Rover Limited (JLRL) is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL  is  into  the  design,  development,  manufacture  and  marketing  of 
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive 
off-road vehicles and related components.
Tata Technologies Limited (‘TTL’) is subsidiary of the Company, which is 
in the business of providing product engineering services which caters 
to the global manufacturing industry; enabling ambitious manufacturing 
companies (including the Company) to design and build better products.
TTEL is a wholly owned subsidiary of TTL.
JLRL and TTEL, both being step down subsidiaries of the Company are 
Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of this notice.
JLRL  and  TTEL  have  entered  into  /  propose  to  enter into  the  following 
RPTs  during  FY26,  for  an  aggregate  value  not  exceeding  ₹1,425  crore 
•  
•  
•  
•  
Purchase of goods
Sale of goods
Availment of services.
Rendering of services
Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover 
for  the 
is 
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
immediately  preceding  financial  year,  that 
0.32%
546