Lessor:
At the inception of a lease, the lease arrangement is classified as either a finance lease or an operating lease, based 
on contractual terms and substance of the lease arrangement. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially 
all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are 
classified as operating leases.
Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at the amount of the Company’s net 
investment in the leases. Finance income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of 
return on the Company’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial 
direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased 
asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
(B)  The Company leases a number of buildings, plant and equipment, IT hardware and software assets, certain of which 
have  a  renewal  and/or  purchase  option  in  the  normal  course  of  the  business.  Extension  and  termination  options 
are included in a number of leases across the Company. The majority of extension and termination options held are 
exercisable only by the Company and not by the respective lessor. The Company assesses at lease commencement 
whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension or termination option. The Company re-assesses whether it 
is reasonably certain to exercise options if there is a significant event or significant change in circumstances within its 
control. It is recognised that there is potential for lease term assumptions to change in the future and this will continue 
to be monitored by the Company where relevant. The Company’s leases mature between 2026 and 2051.
When measuring lease liability, the Company discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing rate. The 
weighted-average rate applied is 5.32% (2024: 5.89%).
The following amounts are included in the Balance Sheet :
Current lease liabilities
Non-current lease liabilities
Total lease liabilities 
(₹ in crores)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
1,399
7,642
9,041
1,093
7,670
8,763
The following amounts are recognised in the statement of profit and loss :
Variable lease payment not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
Income from sub-leasing of right-of-use assets
Expenses related to short-term leases
Expenses related to low-value assets, excluding short-term leases of low-value assets
*For repayment of lease liabilities during the year refer note 27 (G).
(₹ in crores)
For the year ended,
March 31, 2025
For the year ended,
March 31, 2024
5
15
216
156
5