• 
• 
The  Company  has  been  strengthening  its 
technology  development 
R&D  and  new 
capabilities through robust back-end process 
framework.  An  Annual  Technology  Planning 
and Development process cuts across various 
functions  and  stands  alignment  to  business 
objectives.  The  Technology  Creation  and 
Development  System  (TCDS)  process  works 
is  the  core  of  this  annual  cycle  and  is  active 
round the year to deliver technology concepts 
in  various  forms  across  mega  themes  of 
Clean, Sustainable, Smart, Autonomous, Safe 
and Desirable Vehicles. Over 70 such projects 
were undertaken in FY25.
As  part  of  the  Company’s  commitment 
to  Quality  excellence  and  delivering  first 
right  products,  Tata  Motors  has 
time 
in  strengthening 
taken  significant  strides 
Engineering  Quality  Management  through 
the  integrated  deployment  of  Zero  Design 
Defect  (ZDD),  World-Class  Quality  (WCQ) 
principles,  and  the  adoption  of  Total  Quality 
Management (TQM) across the engineering/R 
&  D  functions.  The  ZDD  framework  is  being 
institutionalized to proactively prevent design-
related  issues  through  robust  front-loading 
practices,  proactive  failure  mode  avoidance, 
and occurrence prevention by leveraging past 
learnings and promoting knowledge reuse. 
The  WCQ  principles  are  being  embedded  into 
engineering  workflows  to  enhance  first-time 
right  design,  drive  systemic  issue  resolution,  and 
reinforce quality ownership at all levels. In parallel, 
the  adoption  of  TQM  is  fostering  a  culture  of 
structured  problem  solving,  process  discipline, 
and  continuous 
improvement.  With  continued 
focus  on  digitalization,  the  Software  Quality  Gate 
process  has  been  a  key  milestone  in  this  journey 
to  ensure  robust,  safe,  and  compliant  software 
delivery. Together, these initiatives enable a holistic 
transformation,  aligning  engineering  capabilities 
with the organization’s vision for delivering defect-
free, reliable, and customer-centric products.
IPR creation
On  the  front  of  creating  value  for  stakeholders 
and  the  nation  through  IPR,  the  Company  filed  a 
record  number  of  1,521  IPRs  during  the  period 
of  April  24  to  March  25  which 
include  250 
patent  applications,  148  design  applications, 
1,042  Notarizations,  81  copyright  application.  
(ii) 
The Company also got a grant of 68 patents during 
the  same  period.  The  filing  includes  national 
jurisdiction and grant details include national and 
international  jurisdictions.  Success  on  this  front 
was  acknowledged  by  the  following  independent 
and credible acknowledgements.
Key Highlights on the Company’s IPR Process
• 
• 
• 
• 
Conducted  organization-wide  IPR  Awareness 
Sessions that covering over 1,100 employees.
Initiated  Competitor  Patent  Watch  exercise 
to  flag  relevant  competitor  patents  to 
technical teams.
IP  collaboration  with  vendors  to  create 
joint  IPs  and  a  new  revenue  stream  for 
the organization
The  Company  bagged  Multiple  IPR  Awards 
at the 10th CII Industrial Intellectual Property 
Award  Ceremony.  These  include  Best  Design 
Portfolio’ and a Special recognition for ‘Patent 
Portfolio in EV Space’.
• 
The  Company  was  conferred  with  ‘The  Top 
Patent Driven Industry Award” by ASSOCHAM.
investing 
 Benefits derived as a result of the above 
efforts. 
By 
in  e-aggregates  and  AMT 
• 
technologies,  the  Company  is  shaping  the 
future  of  clean,  efficient,  and  driver-friendly 
mobility  solutions.  These  initiatives  not  only 
enhance vehicle performance and operational 
efficiency  but  also  play  a  crucial  role  in 
reducing environmental impact. 
• 
Through continuous innovation and strategic 
sustainability  efforts,  the  Company  remains 
committed 
to  delivering  next-generation 
transmission  solutions  that  align  with  global 
net-zero  objectives  and  ensure  a  greener, 
more efficient transportation ecosystem. 
The  Company  received  a  wide  acclamation  of  its 
efforts across its range of technologies & products 
through  multiple  awards  and  accolades.  Few  of 
them are listed below:
P  Automotive  champion  award  in  SHOONYA- 
Net zero pollution initiative led by NITI Aayog 
to a sustainable future and aligning with the 
net zero ambition.
172