Planet regenerate
Circular enablers
Our Circularity Lab aims to reduce waste and boost the recyclability of our 
products. The lab fosters internal collaboration, bringing together cross‑disciplinary 
squads comprising Sustainability, Engineering, Procurement and Design, with 
external engagement with value chain partners and learning from institutions such 
as the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.
The squads disassemble and analyse vehicles, components and materials in a 
collaborative ‘learn through doing’ approach, working closely with suppliers and 
experts in materials to understand and overcome barriers to reuse and recycling.
Circular resources
Our Circularity Lab has led initiatives to at least double and an aim to treble 
recycled content in new products from 2028 and has focused on opportunities 
for closed‑loop recycling. This has led to a significant technical breakthrough in 
the closed‑loop recycling of polyurethane seat foam by successfully reintegrating 
it back into the production of new seats. Polyurethane foams are known to be 
challenging when it comes to recycling and are designed for durability, meaning 
they end up in landfill. In collaboration with Dow’s MobilityScience™, material 
innovations and global leader in automotive seating Adient, this is the first 
time closed‑loop seat foam content has been successfully used in automotive 
production. We are now putting the material through its full production process, 
aiming to test its use at scale in preproduction vehicles in 2025. The recycled foam 
will be one element of a new ‘circular seat’ that is estimated to halve the impact of 
CO2e emissions while maintaining high performance.
In FY25 our water withdrawal marginally increased to 16,22,957 cubic metres for 
our in‑scope sites from 16,16,821 cubic metrics in the previous financial year. This 
is an increase of 0.18m3/vehicle to 4.05m3/vehicle representing a 4.7% increase 
in water withdrawal per vehicle produced compared to FY24. Projects have 
targeted reducing water use in processes with high water withdrawal such as the 
introduction of a smart spray process in the Solihull, UK paint shop.
The introduction of our target to achieve zero waste to landfill and increase 
non‑metallic waste sent for recycling / reuse has also led to a greater focus on 
waste segregation at our sites, such as bin tip audits and collaboration with 
suppliers to increase reuse of parts protection at Solihull, UK. In FY25, our waste 
generation reduced by 1,919 metric tonnes to 35,118 metric tonnes for our 
in‑scope sites. An average reduction in waste of 1.05kg/vehicle was achieved in the 
last financial year compared to FY24.
Circular products and services
The transition from a linear business 
model to a more sustainable, circular 
mobility model is essential for the 
automotive industry to reduce 
resource consumption per kilometre 
travelled. Services such as ‘Pivotal’, 
which provides clients with an all‑
inclusive, fully flexible subscription 
service, and ‘THE OUT’, a luxury car 
rental service, are the first steps 
towards these new mobility models. 
InMotion Ventures Studio continues 
to incubate these services and 
explore new opportunities in the 
circularity sphere.
However, these services require 
infrastructure, design and engineering 
changes to make them more circular. 
To support this, we have begun trials 
on the in‑life refurbishment of the 
Pivotal fleet as well as the longer‑term 
processing of end‑of‑life vehicles for 
refurbishment of green parts.
We are also making progress on the 
engineering of components to ensure 
they can be reused and recovered 
during and after use.
Historically, vehicles have been 
designed with limited consideration 
for disassembly once they reach end‑
of‑life. The use of difficult to separate 
mixed materials, fixing methods and 
adhesives can make the challenge of 
reducing waste and recycling for reuse 
almost impossible. The Circularity 
Lab is now feeding this information 
directly into early decision‑making for 
vehicle development. 
132