Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs between the of the Company along with its ancillary 
entities who are third parties with TSL and Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited 
(a third party vendor of TSL)
c.
d.
4.
5.
6.
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
Not applicable
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Not applicable
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on 
the  past  practices  adopting  Arm’s  Length  Principle  substantiated  with 
report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the 
electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to 
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of 
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria 
based  on  the  market  price  or  alternative  pricing  method  of  relevant 
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as 
may  be  applicable,  shall  be  obtained  by  the  parties  concerned.  In  the 
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be basis actual cost 
incurred.
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
Mr  N  Chandrasekaran,  Chairman  and  Non-Executive  Director  of  the 
Company is also the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of TSL.
Any other information that may be relevant
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 27 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 27 of the 
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No. 27 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
Item No. 28
Details  of  the  proposed  RPTs  of  the  Company  along  with  ancillary  entities  of  the  Company  who  are  third  parties  with  Tata 
Steel Downstream Products Limited , identified subsidiaries / affiliates of TSL, identified subsidiaries/ affiliates of TSL and Poshs 
Metals Industries Private Limited (a third party) through dealers of TSL, including the information required to be disclosed as 
part of the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 
2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs between the Company along with ancillary entities of the 
Company who are third parties with Tata Steel Downstream Products Limited
1.
a.
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise)
Tata  Steel  Limited  is  a  listed  associate  company  of  Tata  Sons  Private 
Limited (Promoter of the Company, as well as forms part of the Promoter 
Group) and consequently, a related party of Company.
Tata Steel Downstreams Products Limited is a subsidiary of TSL.
The Company procures steel from dealers of TSL which in turn procures 
the steel from Tata Steel Downstreams Products Limited, a subsidiary of 
TSL at a price negotiated between the Company and TSL.
Since materials are supplied by TSL and/or its subsidiaries directly and 
through its dealers to the Company at a price negotiated with TSL, these 
transactions are construed as RPTs for the purpose and effect to benefit 
the Company, as per the SEBI Listing Regulations.
571