Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
Essential Indicators
1. 
Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental 
and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively. 
Total R&D expenditure
Total Capex
FY25 (%)
FY 24 (%)
Details of improvements in environmental social impacts
61
57
80
71
Please refer to the Technology Absorption, Adaptation and 
Innovation section in Annexure-3 of the Board’s report.
2.  Does  the  entity  have  procedures  in  place  for  sustainable  sourcing?  If  Yes,  what  percentage  of  inputs  were 
sourced sustainably?
Tata Motors is driving a transformative shift to establish itself as a leader in Sustainable Mobility. Understanding the crucial 
role of the supply chain in this transition, TML introduced the ‘Sustainable Supply Chain Initiative’ in 2017, followed by the 
launch of ‘AIKYAM,’ a collaborative platform, in 2023.
As part of this initiative, we have developed a comprehensive framework that includes a Supplier Code of Conduct, an 
Environmental Procurement Policy, and Sustainability Guidelines for Suppliers. These guidelines cover key areas such as 
governance,  legal  compliance,  management  system  certification,  transparency  and  reporting,  occupational  health  and 
safety, labor rights, and human rights. By setting these standards, we aim to foster responsible business practices among 
our suppliers and partners. We have also updated our Manufacturing Site Audit questionnaire to include a sustainability 
pillar, which ensures that any new supplier is scrutinized on sustainability as well.
To ensure effective implementation, we have established strong oversight mechanisms for our supplier ESG program. The 
highest decision-making body, the Executive Committee Members, along with the Chief Purchasing Officer, is responsible 
for monitoring and guiding this critical aspect of our sustainability strategy.
Additionally, our procurement processes are continuously reviewed to align with the Supplier Code of Conduct and prevent 
any potential conflicts with our ESG commitments. This ongoing evaluation ensures that every stage of our procurement 
strategy remains in sync with our sustainability goals.
We  also  conduct  thorough  assessments  of  our  suppliers  to  measure  their  compliance  with  ESG  standards,  providing 
valuable insights into their environmental and social performance. Recognizing the importance of internal stakeholders, 
we  provide  extensive  training  to  our  procurement  teams  and  relevant  personnel.  Expanding  this  initiative  further,  we 
introduced the Dealer Sustainability Handbook in 2025 to help dealerships enhance their sustainability practices. These 
guidelines, along with ESG performance assessments, ensure alignment with our broader sustainability vision.
TML Suppliers Covering 68% of Annual Purchase Value ( APV ) have either ISO 45001 or ISO 14001 Certifiation.
3.  Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for 
(a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) Other waste.
As  part  of  end-of-life  product  management,  we  are  continuously  working  on  improving  our  product’s  circularity.  This 
involves  designing  the  vehicle  for  recyclability,  selecting  sustainable  materials  by  studying  their  environmental  impact, 
designing vehicle assemblies/components that are easy to dismantle, and providing information about the same in our 
products, etc.
The design-for-recycling approach complements our initiative on the circular economy, which aims to minimize waste and 
reduce negative impact. During the design stage, TML has been encouraging the use of recyclable materials in products 
and is actively working towards improving product recyclability. Typically, all vehicles are designed to achieve a minimum 
of 90% recyclability and recoverability. As a responsible organization committed to sustainability and the environment, 
we  are  publishing  dismantling  information  on  a  portal  named  IDIS  (i.e.,  International  Dismantling  Information  System). 
Dismantlers  can  access  this  information  for  the  efficient  recycling  of  non-metallic  automobile  parts  like  bumpers,  trim 
parts, dashboards, etc. 
As part of the product design stage, we are currently working on exploratory projects to further use more biodegradable 
materials, recycled materials, and re-refined base oil (RRBO) to enhance product circularity. At the end of the product 
lifecycle, scrapping and recycling vehicles in a responsible way supports environmental goals. Tata Motors demonstrated 
201