fuel  technologies.  The  Company  has  been  actively 
integrating natural gas and bio-fuel solutions across its 
product range to reduce carbon emissions. In addition 
to pure battery-electric vehicles, The Company is making 
significant  progress 
in  Hydrogen  powered  fuel-cell 
electric technology, with fifteen buses already operating 
in Delhi, as part of fulfilment of tender from Indian Oil 
Corporation. A substantial portion of investment is also 
being  done  towards  Hydrogen  Internal  Combustion 
Engine  (ICE)  technology,  with  dedicated  facilities  for 
ensuring  cutting-edge  advancements 
in  hydrogen-
powered mobility.
As  part  of  its  vision  for  Sustainability  through  clean 
transportation, the Company has begun piloting heavy 
commercial  electric  vehicles  which  also  supports  the 
decarbonization  agenda  of  the  Government.  This  also 
underscores  the  Company’s  commitment  towards 
innovation and cutting-edge technologies. Equipped with 
strong research and product development capabilities, 
the  Company  is  continuously  pushing  the  boundaries 
in  the  areas  of  advanced  powertrains,  clean  energy 
solutions,  Smart  &  Software  Oriented  next-generation 
vehicle  technologies.  By  leveraging  digitalization  and 
cutting-edge engineering, the Company remains at the 
forefront  of  transforming  the  automotive  industry  in 
India and driving a greener future.
Under the aegis of the Ministry of New and Renewable 
Energy and in collaboration with strategic partners, the 
Company  has  taken  a  significant  step  in  assessing  the 
real-world  commercial  viability  of  using  country’s  first 
hydrogen powered vehicles for long distance haulage as 
well  as  setting-up  the  requisite  enabling  infrastructure 
for their seamless operation. The trial phase will span up 
to two years and involves development and deployment 
of  sixteen  advanced  hydrogen-powered  vehicles 
with  varying  configurations  and  payload  capacities. 
These  trucks,  equipped  with  new  age  Hydrogen 
Internal  Combustion  Engines  (H2-ICE)  and  Fuel  Cell 
(H2-FCEV)  technologies,  will  be  evaluated  on  India’s 
most prominent freight routes, including those around 
Mumbai, Pune, Delhi-NCR, Surat, Vadodara, Jamshedpur 
and Kalinganagar.
Over  the  last  many  years,  the  Company  has  been 
demonstrating its vision for the Future and Technology 
capabilities  across  various  automotive  shows.  At 
the  Bharat  Mobility  Global  Expo  2025,  the  Company 
showcased  fourteen  vehicles  which  were  equipped  to 
efficiently  service  the  toughest  applications  and  duty 
cycles. The launches included Ace Pro & Intra EV pickup. 
The Company also revealed Prima E.55S which is battery 
operated prime mover & Prima 35.K Auto Shift for deep 
mining solution. Prima H.28 & Intercity EV Bus 2.0 were 
171
disruptors  in  their  individual  categories.  There  were 
other  unveils  like  Ultra  E.12,  Ultra  EV  9,  Prima  G.55S, 
Magna Coach, Azura T.19, Ace Flex-fuel and Yodha CNG 
RMC, all of these launches are with relentless innovation 
and agility, Company will continue to redefine the future 
of mobility with sustainable, intelligent, and cutting-edge 
solutions – setting new industry standards and creating a 
lasting, positive impact on the environment. Reinforcing 
its global presence, the Company also launched various 
products across the territories it operates in.
(i) 
 Efforts made towards innovation, 
technology development, absorption, and 
adaptation.
• 
in 
Initiatives 
Cost-effective  emission  control  technologies 
are  being  developed 
to  ensure  both 
compliance  with  regulations  and  economic 
calibration  and 
viability. 
testing  are  leading  to  improvements  in  CO2 
emissions,  further  reinforcing  environmental 
sustainability. Additionally, a focus on engine 
friction  reduction  is  driving  improvements 
&  reducing  the  overall  carbon  footprint  of 
commercial  vehicles.  These  efforts  reflect 
forward-thinking  approach  to  achieve 
a 
compliance  and  operational 
regulatory 
efficiency in the automotive industry.
• 
• 
To drive the transition toward green mobility, 
the  Company  has  introduced  cutting  edge 
e-drivetrain solutions across multiple vehicle 
categories.  These  e-aggregates  are  designed 
for  durability,  efficiency,  and  adaptability 
reduced 
in 
weight,  enhance  energy  efficiency  and 
payload capacity.
commercial  vehicles,  with 
The  Company  also  took  multiple  steps  in  its 
journey  of  Software  Defined  Vehicle  (SDV), 
with  deployment  of  dedicated  structure 
&  resources.  This  initiative  aims  to  enable 
the  SDV  ecosystem  within  Tata  Motors  and 
manage  software  across  various  domains. 
Long  term  strategy  for  the  ecosystem  has 
been in place and is currently under execution. 
Different SDV variants will ensure vehicle SDV 
compliance  and  allow  electronic  systems 
to  update  various  customer  feature  packs 
within  the  framework,  offering  monetization 
benefits for the stakeholders. A vehicle level 
Concept  featuring  various  SDV  capabilities 
has  been  developed,  paving  the  way  for  the 
formal launch of the program.