We  respect  differences  that  are  fundamental  to  an  individual’s  identity,  such  as  age,  gender,  ethnicity,  race, 
physical  ability,  mental  ability,  and  sexual  orientation,  as  well  as  latent  and  invisible  differences  that  shape 
our perspectives, like education, work experience, parental status, etc. We are committed to being an equal 
opportunity employer, maintaining dignity and respect for all.
Tata Motors defines DEI as establishing an environment where diversity is embraced as a natural and integral 
part of the organisation. We believe—and have witnessed—that a gender-balanced workforce leads to increased 
productivity, better decisions, enhanced collaboration, and more innovative ideas. We are gradually focusing on 
moving beyond gender and have received well-accepted dipstick research to support this as well.
In order to mobilize DEI in our DNA, we have framed the 10-point Lighthouse approach to build a standardized, 
mature  model  of  DEI  that  helps  us  stay  abreast  of  the  latest  societal  developments  and  simultaneously 
implement the same in the organization. These include enhancing gender diversity in the workforce along with 
representation at the leadership level, with the goal of having 10% women in senior management by 2026. Tata 
Motors has also taken landmark steps to increase the representation of the LGBTQ+ community in its workforce 
through various hiring pilot initiatives. Adhering to the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016, Tata Motors 
also has hiring pilots for the differently abled, along with making the working environment conducive for them to 
function well through steps like infrastructure readiness. Apart from these, sensitization of the overall workforce 
to enable a friendly working atmosphere for all was achieved through training sessions with 84% coverage last 
year and an intention to raise this number in the following years.
We are working towards creating an inclusive workplace culture through our policies and processes. The company 
organizes sensitisation and awareness campaigns to help create an open mind and culture to leverage diversity 
at the workplace.
Tata  Motors  also  keeps  enhancing  its  Diversity,  Equity,  and  Inclusivity  principles  in  the  workforce  through 
processes like ISO DEI Audits, Culture Surveys, etc., thereby making its initiatives more holistic in contributing 
better towards the empowerment of vulnerable sections of society and thus towards building a better future 
for all.
b)   Differently abled employees and workers:
Sr.  
No.
i.
ii.
iii.
iv.
v.
vi.
Particulars 
Total (A)
Male
Female
No. (B)
% (B / A)
No. (C)
% (C / A)
Differently Abled Employees
Permanent employees (D)
Other than Permanent employees (E)
Total Employees (D+ E)
10
0
10
Permanent (F)
Other than Permanent (G)
Total Workers (F +G)
Differently Abled Workers
9
129
138
10
0
10
9
94
103
100
-
100
100
73
75
0
0
0
0
35
35
0
-
0
0
27
25
We are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees without regard to their race, caste, gender, 
religion,  colour,  nationality,  disability,  etc.  All  employees  (including  permanent,  temporary,  trainees,  and 
contract employees) are treated with dignity with a view to maintaining a safe work environment. Moreover, 
we recognize the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (RPWD) Act of 2016 in India as a guiding light, mandating 
measures to ensure equal opportunities and access for people with disabilities. In our efforts to comply with 
applicable regulations, various strategies are provided to enhance the accessibility of premises and office spaces, 
with particular attention to locations presenting unique infrastructural challenges.
184