(i)   demerger  of  the  Company’s  Commercial  Vehicles 
Business from TML to TMLCV, and
(ii)   merger  of  TMPV  undertaking  the  Passenger  Vehicles 
Business with TML (“Scheme”).
The Company in compliance with the directions of the Hon’ble 
NCLT  convened  meetings  of  the  Equity  Shareholders  on  
May 6, 2025 to seek shareholders’ approval on the Scheme. 
The Scheme was approved by requisite majority.
The effectiveness of the Scheme would result in creation of 
two separate listed companies with mirror shareholding with 
the  Resulting  Company  housing  the  Commercial  Vehicles 
Business  and  the  Amalgamated  Company  housing  the 
Passenger  Vehicles  Business.  Upon  the  effectiveness  of  the 
Scheme,  the  Amalgamated  Company  carrying  on  Passenger 
Vehicles Business will be renamed as “Tata Motors Passenger 
Vehicles  Limited”  and  the  Resulting  Company,  carrying 
on  the  Commercial  Vehicles  Business,  will  be  renamed  as  
“Tata Motors Limited”.
The  proposed  Scheme  would  be  in  the  best  interests  of 
the  Amalgamated  Company,  the  Resulting  Company,  the 
Amalgamating  Company  and  their  respective  shareholders, 
employees,  creditors  and  other  stakeholders 
for  the 
below reasons:
i. 
ii. 
The distinctive profile and established business model of 
the Commercial Vehicles Business and Passenger Vehicles 
Business  makes  it  suitable  to  be  housed  in  separately 
listed entities, allowing sharper strategic focus in pursuit 
of their independent value creation trajectories;
The Scheme would result in better and efficient control 
and management for the Commercial Vehicles Business 
and the Passenger Vehicles Business and would further 
empower  the  respective  businesses  to  pursue  their 
respective  strategies  to  deliver  growth  with  greater 
agility while reinforcing accountability;
iii.  The  Scheme  would  unlock  value  for  the  overall-
business  portfolio  through  price-discovery  of  the 
Amalgamated Company and the Resulting Company for 
existing  shareholders  and  shall  entail  direct  holding  of 
marketable securities therein;
iv.  The  Scheme  could 
lead  to  the  right  operating 
architecture  for  both  companies  with  sharper  focus 
on their individual business strategies and clear capital 
allocation,  in  alignment  with  their  respective  value 
creation journeys; and
v. 
Separately  listed  companies  will  attract  specific  set  of 
investors  for  their  business  profile  and  consequently, 
encourage focused capital market outcomes.
The  Hon’ble  NCLT  vide  Order  dated  March  25,  2025, 
directed  the  Company  (i)  to  convene  and  hold  the  meeting 
of  the  equity  shareholders  of  the  Company;  (ii)  dispensed 
the  convening  and  holding  of  the  meeting  of  the  secured 
creditors;  and  (iii)  dispensed  convening  and  holding  of  the 
meeting  of  the  unsecured  creditors  (including  debenture 
holders) (‘unsecured creditors’).
DEBENTURES
During  the  year,  the  Company  has  issued  and  allotted 
on  private  placement  basis,  rated,  listed,  unsecured  and 
aggregating 
redeemable  Non-Convertible  Debentures 
₹2,000 crore.
Refer para on “Details of Non-Convertible Debentures” of the 
Corporate Governance (‘CG’) Report for additional details.
FINANCE & CREDIT RATING
During FY25, by continuing strong free cash flow generation, 
the  Tata  Motors  Group  (‘the  Group’)  delivered  on  its 
deleveraging targets and became net cash positive. The Net 
Auto cash of Tata Motors Group stood at ₹1,018 crore at the 
end of FY25 as compared to net auto debt of ₹16,022 crore at 
the end of FY24. The Group continues to maintain sufficient 
liquidity  at  all  times  to  navigate  the  impact  of  external 
challenges.  As  at  March  31,  2025,  the  Group  liquidity  for 
domestic operations was ₹15,991 crore, whereas the liquidity 
at  JLR  was  £6.3  billion  (including  unutilized  credit  facility  of 
£1.6 billion).
On  the  backdrop  of  strong  financial  performance,  the 
credit  ratings  of  the  Company  also  continued  to  improved. 
Rating  agencies  have  taken  note  of  the  sustained  revenue 
growth, improvement in consolidated business and financial 
risk  profiles,  strong  Free  Cash  Flow  (‘FCF’)  generation 
and deleveraging.
S&P  upgraded  Tata  Motors  by  two  notches  to  investment 
grade rating at BBB/Stable. Moody’s upgraded the rating of 
the  Company  by  two  notches  to  Ba1  /  Positive.  CRISIL  and 
ICRA  upgraded  the  long  term  rating  by  one  notch  to  AA+/
Stable. CARE Ratings also maintained long term rating at AA+/ 
Stable during the year. Even post demerger, rating agencies 
expect both the resultant companies to continue to maintain 
strong credit profile and demerger does not impact financial 
risk profile.
S&P Global Ratings upgraded Jaguar Land Rover Automotive 
Plc’s (JLR) long term issuer credit rating to ‘BBB-’ from ‘BB’, 
JLR’s  first  investment  grade  rating.  Also,  Moody’s  upgraded 
JLR’s long term issuer credit rating to ‘Ba2’ from ‘Ba3’.
Please refer to the paragraphs on Credit Ratings in Corporate 
Governance  Report  and  Liquidity  and  Capital  Resources 
in  the  Management  Discussion  &  Analysis  section  for 
detailed analysis.
154