Company’s  website  URL:  https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/remuneration-policy.pdf
During the year under review, there has been no change to 
the remuneration policy.
VIGIL MECHANISM
The  Company  believes  in  the  conduct  of  the  affairs  of  its 
constituents  in  a  fair  and  transparent  manner  by  adopting 
standards  of  professionalism,  honesty, 
the  highest 
integrity  and  ethical  behaviour.  In  line  with  the  Tata  Code 
of  Conduct  (‘TCoC’),  any  actual  or  potential  violation, 
howsoever  insignificant  or  perceived  as  such,  would  be  a 
matter of serious concern for the Company. The role of the 
employees in pointing out such violations of the TCoC cannot 
be undermined.
Pursuant  to  Section  177(9)  of  the  Act,  a  vigil  mechanism 
was  established  for  directors  and  employees  to  report  to 
the  management  instances  of  unethical  behaviour,  actual 
or  suspected,  fraud  or  violation  of  the  Company’s  code 
of  conduct  or  ethics  policy.  The  vigil  mechanism  provides 
adequate  safeguards  against  victimization  and  multiple 
channels  for  reporting  concerns  including  an  option  for 
escalations, if any, to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee 
of the Company.
The policy of vigil mechanism is available on the Company’s 
website  at  URL:  https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
uploads/2023/11/whistle-blower-policy.pdf
AUDIT
Statutory Audit
M/s BSR & Co. LLP, (‘BSR’) Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm 
No. 101248W/ W–100022), were re-appointed as the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company for a tenure of 5 years commencing 
from  the  conclusion  of  the  77th  AGM  of  the  Company  until 
the conclusion of the 82nd AGM of the Company to be held in 
the year 2027.
The  Statutory  Auditor’s  Report  does  not  contain  any 
qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers.
Branch Audit
The resolution authorizing the Board of Directors to appoint 
Branch  Auditors  for  the  purpose  of  auditing  the  accounts 
maintained  at  the  Branch  offices  of  the  Company  abroad  is 
being placed for approval of the Members in the Notice for 
this AGM.
Secretarial Audit
Pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  Section  204  of  the  Act 
and  the  Companies  (Appointment  and  Remuneration  of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and amended Regulation 
24A  of  the  SEBI  Listing    Regulations,  the  Board  has  based 
on  the  recommendation  of  Audit  Committee  approved 
appointment of M/s. Parikh & Associates, (Firm Registration 
No.  -  P1988MH009800),  a  peer  reviewed  firm  of  Company 
Secretaries 
in  Practice  as  Secretarial  Auditors  of  the 
Company for a period of five years, i.e., from April 1, 2025 to  
March  31,  2030,  subject  to  approval  of  the  Shareholders 
of  the  Company  at  the  ensuing  AGM.  The  Report  of 
the  Secretarial  Auditor  for  FY25  is  annexed  herewith  as  
Annexure  –  4A.  The  said  Secretarial  Audit  Report  does  not 
contain  any  qualification,  reservations,  adverse  remarks 
or disclaimer.
Secretarial Audit Report of Material Unlisted 
Subsidiary
As  per  regulation  24(A)  of  SEBI  Listing  Regulations,  a  listed 
company  is  required  to  annex  the  secretarial  audit  report 
of  its  material  unlisted  subsidiary  in  India  to  its  Annual 
Report.  TMPVL  has  been  identified  as  Material  Unlisted 
Subsidiary of the Company in India for FY25 and accordingly 
the  Company  is  annexing  the  Secretarial  Audit  Report  of  
TMPVL as Annexure 4B.
Cost Audit & Cost Records
As  per  Section  148  of  the  Act,  the  Company  is  required 
to  have  the  audit  of  its  cost  records  conducted  by  a  Cost 
Accountant. The Board of Directors of the Company has on 
the recommendation of the Audit Committee, approved the 
appointment of M/s Mani & Co., a firm of Cost Accountants 
in Practice (Registration No.000004) as the Cost Auditors of 
the  Company  to  conduct  cost  audits  for  relevant  products 
prescribed  under  the  Companies  (Cost  Records  and  Audit) 
Rules,  2014  for  FY26.  M/s  Mani  &  Co.  have,  under  Section 
139(1) of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder furnished 
a certificate of their eligibility and consent for appointment.
The  Board  on  recommendations  of  the  Audit  Committee 
have approved the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor, 
subject to ratification of their remuneration by the Members 
at this AGM. The resolution approving the above proposal is 
being placed for approval of the Members in the Notice for 
this AGM.
The  cost  accounts  and  records  of  the  Company  are  duly 
prepared  and  maintained  as  required  under  Section  148(1) 
of Act.
OTHER DISCLOSURES
PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES
All  contracts/  arrangements/  transactions  entered  by  the 
Company  during  the  FY25  with  related  parties  were  valued 
on  an  arm’s  length  basis  and  in  the  ordinary  course  of 
162