Planet Regenerate is focused on 
environmental impacts and includes 
our climate commitments, circular 
economy strategy and emerging plans 
on nature and biodiversity. We aim 
to achieve net zero carbon emissions 
across our supply chain, products, and 
operations by 2039, with all brands 
offering pure‑electric options by 2030.
Engage for Good draws upon Tata 
Group’s 150‑year tradition of social 
responsibility and community 
support. Our goal is to set a standard 
for creating meaningful human and 
community impact, prioritising care 
for the environments and communities 
where we operate with a focus on 
supporting the most vulnerable 
and disadvantaged.
Our Responsible Business pillar 
includes our activity to address 
Environmental, Social & Governance 
(ESG) legislation, including developing 
the right commitments, transparently 
reporting progress and having effective 
risk management in place. 
Partnerships accelerating 
Reimagine
A key element of Reimagine is about 
partnerships with leaders in their field. 
In a groundbreaking move in China, 
JLR is reviving the beloved Freelander 
brand through a licensing agreement 
with Chery Jaguar Land Rover (CJLR). 
CJLR will launch a range of electric 
vehicles under the Freelander 
name, initially in China, the world’s 
largest EV market, with potential for 
global expansion. 
Building on our successes in 
motorsport, we announced our first 
foray into Dakar, with Defender 
OCTA providing the platform for an 
extremely robust and durable rally 
specification Defender, which will 
compete as part of a three‑year FIA 
World Rally‑Raid Championship (W2RC) 
campaign beginning in 2026. 
Innovation and ventures
Through our Open Innovation and 
Corporate Venture Capital activities, 
we have established partnerships with 
a global community of cutting‑edge 
startups that are shaping the future 
of mobility, sustainability and 
industrial innovation.
As the sole OEM investor in 
CesiumAstro, ChipFlow, and ev.energy, 
we are playing a leading role in the 
development and application of novel 
technologies with automotive and 
cross‑industry use cases.
Our investment in CesiumAstro is 
accelerating the development of 
advanced in‑vehicle connectivity and 
high‑performance communication 
systems, a key enabler for both 
Software Defined Vehicle (SDV) and 
future digital experiences for our 
customers. Partnering with ChipFlow, 
we are supporting the evolution 
of open‑source semiconductor 
design, fostering greater flexibility 
and efficiency in automotive chip 
development. Meanwhile, our 
collaboration with ev.energy is 
enabling smarter, grid‑responsive EV 
charging solutions, reinforcing JLR’s 
commitment to sustainability and 
intelligent energy management. 
With Reimagine as our strategy, 
we continue to transform our 
global business today for an 
exceptional, progressive and more 
sustainable future.
49