Sr. No. Description
2.
Justification for the proposed RPTs
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TASL
TASL provides spectrum of Military Vehicles and spares in the Defence 
Spaces  in  India  as  well  as  supplies  vehicles  to  various  Armed  Forces 
including  Paramilitary  and  State  Police.  TASL  also  exports  its  range  of 
specialised Defence Vehicles to SAARC, ASEAN, and African Nations and 
for UN Peacekeeping Forces. 
For  sourcing  of  vehicles  and  spares  referred  above,  the  Company  and 
TASL  basis  detailed  negotiations  have  entered  into  the  proposed  RPT 
resulting in overall Tata Group synergy and sustainability in the long run.
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its 
subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Not applicable
3.
a.
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or give 
Not applicable
loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments:
c.
d.
4.
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation  or 
other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed entity 
in relation to the proposed transaction will be made available 
through registered email address of the shareholder.
5.
6.
Name  of  the  Director  or  Key  Managerial  Personnel  (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
Any other information that may be relevant
Not applicable
Not applicable
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on 
the  past  practices  adopting  Arm’s  Length  Principle  substantiated  with 
report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the 
electronic  copy  of  the  same  is  available  for  inspection.  Please  refer  to 
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of 
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria 
based  on  the  market  price  or  alternative  pricing  method  of  relevant 
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as 
may  be  applicable,  shall  be  obtained  by  the  parties  concerned.  In  the 
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be basis actual cost 
incurred.
None of the Directors or KMPs of the Company are Directors or KMPs 
of TASL.
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No.11 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No.11 of the 
Notice convening this AGM, for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No.11 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction(s) or not.
542