Independent Practitioners’ Reasonable Assurance Report
To the Directors of Tata Motors Limited 
Assurance  report  on  the  sustainability  disclosures  in  the  Business  Responsibility  and  Sustainability  Reporting  (BRSR) 
Core Format
Assurance  report  on  the  sustainability  disclosures  in  the  Business  Responsibility  and  Sustainability  Reporting  (BRSR)  Core 
Format1  (called ‘Identified Sustainability Information’ (ISI) of Tata Motors Limited (the ‘Company’). The ISI is included in the 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting of the Company for the period from 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025. 
Opinion
We have performed a reasonable assurance engagement on whether the Company’s sustainability disclosures in the BRSR Core 
Format (refer to Annexure 1) for the period from 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025 have been prepared in accordance with the 
reporting criteria (refer table below).
Identified Sustainability 
Information (ISI) subject to 
assurance
BRSR Core  
(refer Annexure 1)
Period subject to 
assurance 
Reference Section in the 
Integrated Annual Report
Reporting criteria
From  1  April 
2024 
31 
to 
March 2025
“Business  Responsibility  and 
Sustainability  Report”  section 
of Integrated Annual Report
- 
- 
- 
 Regulation  34(2)(f)  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange 
Board  of  India  (SEBI)  Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure 
Requirements (SEBI LODR) 
 Guidance notes for BRSR format issued by SEBI
 World Resource Institute (WRI) / World Business Council 
for  Sustainable  Development  (WBCSD)  Greenhouse  Gas 
(GHG)  Protocol  (A  Corporate  Accounting  and  Reporting 
Standards) 
This  engagement  was  conducted  by  a  multidisciplinary 
team 
including  assurance  practitioners,  engineers  and, 
environmental and social professionals.  
International 
for  Professional  Accountants 
Independence  Standards)  issued  by  the  International  Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA).
(including 
In  our  opinion,  the  Company’s  Identified  Sustainability 
Information  in  “Business  Responsibility  and  Sustainability 
Report”  section  of  the  Integrated  Annual  Report  for  the 
period  1  April  2024  to  31  March  2025,  is  prepared,  in  all 
material respects, in accordance with the Regulation 34(2)(f) 
of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (SEBI)  Listing 
Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements  (SEBI  LODR)  and 
basis of preparation set out in Section A: General Disclosures 
13  of  “Business  Responsibility  and  Sustainability  Report”  of 
Integrated Annual Report. 
Basis for opinion
We  conducted  our  engagement 
in  accordance  with 
International  Standard  on  Assurance  Engagements  (ISAE) 
3000  (Revised),  Assurance  Engagements  Other  Than  Audits 
or  Reviews  of  Historical  Financial  Information  issued  by 
the  International  Auditing  and  Assurance  Standards  Board 
(IAASB).  Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are 
further  described  in  the  “Our  responsibilities”  section  of 
our report.
We  have  complied  with  the 
independence  and  other 
ethical  requirements  of  the  International  Code  of  Ethics 
firm  applies 
International  Standard  on  Quality 
Our 
Management  (ISQM)  1,  Quality  Management  for  Firms  that 
Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or Other 
Assurance  or  Related  Services  Engagements,  issued  by  the 
IAASB. This standard requires the firm to design, implement 
and  operate  a  system  of  quality  management,  including 
policies  or  procedures  regarding  compliance  with  ethical 
requirements,  professional  standards  and  applicable  legal 
and regulatory requirements.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Other information
Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for 
the other information. We have performed a limited assurance 
engagement  on  select  BRSR  and  select  GRI  indicators  and 
issued an independent assurance report on 14 May 2025. 
Our  reasonable  assurance  opinion  and  limited  assurance 
conclusion on the ISI do not extend to other information that 
accompanies or contains the ‘ISI and our assurance reports’ 
(hereafter referred to as “other information”).
1 
  Notified by SEBI vide circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122 dated 12 July 2023
238