Planet
3
Preserving nature and biodiversity
TML’s biodiversity strategy is aligned 
with the Groups Aalingana strategy, 
metrics and milestones, and puts in 
place an Action Plan for delivering a 
Net Positive Impact on biodiversity. At 
an enterprise level, this strategy lays 
down the steps to restore, enhance, 
and protect nature, ensuring a net 
positive outcome on biodiversity.
TMLs understanding of biodiversity 
and species extinction began with 
Top Management engaging with 
leading Subject Matter Experts and 
practitioners, which in turn informed 
our decision to adopt a science‑based 
approach as opposed to the ad‑hoc and 
charismatic. Strategic coherence led to 
the identification of 3 areas for TMLs 
biodiversity interventions which spans 
(1) its own Operations, (2) its Value 
Chain and (3) beyond the Value Chain 
extending to the national landscape 
and aligning with national conservation 
priorities. For each of these areas, we 
adopted scientific frameworks and 
Biodiversity projects in FY25
Own Operations
Eco‑restoration within Pimpri 
Residential Area, at Pune to 
achieve OECM (Other Effective 
Area Based Conservation 
Measures) certification
Value Chain
Adoption of Science Based Targets 
for Nature at an enterprise level, 
which complements the Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) by 
addressing nature loss alongside 
climate change.
Beyond Value Chain
Adoption of 3 flagship projects 
focused on key landscapes and 
keystone species
concepts, built ambition in line with 
our aspiration to move the needle and 
established baselines.
In FY25 we launched projects across 
all 3 areas, which have strategic 
relevance and potential to deliver 
impact at scale. The projects are 
conceptualised to deliver scientifically 
validated approaches (as SOP’s) ready 
for implementation; for example 
eco‑restoration of disturbed habitats 
or improving the health of threatened 
wetlands. Such initiatives, which 
leverage nature and productive 
ecosystems to protect people and 
biodiversity, constitute what are 
called Nature based Solution (NbS) 
projects. In the scale‑up phase of 
this unique strategic approach, Tata 
Motors plans to engage Value Chain 
partners and corporate peers, to 
adopt and implement these SOPs in 
similar landscapes, while continuing 
to provide stewardship, enable 
convergence funding and monitor 
impact. This strategy will realise Tata 
Motors and the Groups objective of 
investing in NbS projects in India to 
deliver biodiversity and community 
co‑benefits.
A)   Own operations
Since inception, all TML Operational 
sites in India have demarcated 
dedicated areas on which green‑belt 
and wetlands are developed. A 
comprehensive biodiversity baseline 
survey across all Plants was carried 
out to get an in‑depth understanding 
of‑ current floristic and faunal diversity, 
extent of invasive species, presence 
of species with special conservation 
value and other challenges. At our 
Pimpri Residential Area, in Pune, a 
comprehensive eco‑restoration master 
plan supported by scientific metrics 
is developed, which will be executed 
in FY26 to achieve measurable 
improvements in biodiversity on‑site. 
These eco‑restoration projects are 
structured to meet the criteria laid 
down in the MoEFCC‑NBA‑UNDP 
backed OECM framework (i.e. Other 
Effective Area Based Conservation 
Measures) – which expands the scope 
of area‑based conservation beyond 
legally protected areas. Going beyond 
certification, these Tata Motors ‘nature 
hot‑spots’ set in the midst of industrial 
estates, will serve as a light‑house 
of best practice in biodiversity 
conservation. Tata Motors will 
engage with its employees and local 
stakeholders in the process enabling 
awareness‑building, research, and 
adoption to create a ripple effect far 
beyond its premises.
B)   Value chain
Automobile manufacturing sources 
a diverse range of parts, materials 
and consumables from a complex 
global supply chain. This sourcing 
determines the level of both 
dependency and impact on nature 
and natural resources. To address 
this, Tata Motors has joined the 
corporate engagement programme 
of Science‑Based Targets for Nature. 
The Science based Targets Network 
(SBTN) is developing Science‑Based 
Targets for Nature for companies to 
address their environmental impacts 
across terrestrial, freshwater, and 
marine realms, in addition to climate. 
This structured approach will help 
Tata Motors reduce its contribution to 
key drivers of nature loss. In FY25, we 
have identified material impacts of our 
operations and those of our immediate 
upstream value chain on nature 
and biodiversity. We are using tools 
90