Sr. No.
c.
2.
3.
a.
b.
c.
d.
4.
Description
Percentage  of 
the  Company’s  annual  consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
Justification for the proposed RPTs
Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TPEPL
0.25%
This  is  a  strategic  alliance  for  sourcing  part  and  components  for  its 
vehicles  basis  detailed  negotiations  resulting  in  overall  Tata  Motors 
Group synergy and sustainability in the long run.
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or 
its subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Where  any  financial  indebtedness  is  incurred  to  make 
or  give 
inter-corporate  deposits,  advances  or 
investments:
Not applicable
Not applicable
loans, 
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
5.
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
6.
Any other information that may be relevant
Not applicable
Not applicable
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on 
the  past  practices  adopting  Arm’s  Length  Principle  substantiated  with 
report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the 
electronic  copy  of  the  same  is  available  for  inspection.  Please  refer  to 
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of 
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria 
based  on  the  market  price  or  alternative  pricing  method  of  relevant 
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as 
may  be  applicable,  shall  be  obtained  by  the  parties  concerned.  In  the 
case  of  reimbursements  /  recoveries,  same  would  be  based  on  actual 
cost incurred
Mrs  Usha  Sangwan,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also  an 
Independent Director on the Board of TMPVL. 
Mr  P  B  Balaji,  Group  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  KMP  of  the  Company 
is the Chairman and a Non-Executive Director on the Board of TMPVL.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited 
only to the extent of their holding directorship in TMPVL. 
None of the Directors or KMPs of the Company are Directors or KMPs 
of TPEPL.  
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 19 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 19 of the 
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote to approve 
the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 19 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction 
or not.
557