nameplate ‘Curvv’ and introduced the 
country’s first turbocharged CNG in 
‘Nexon iCNG’. These products played 
a pivotal role in our growth in this  
fast‑expanding segment.
Our multi‑powertrain strategy and 
strong commitment to sustainable 
mobility enabled us to increase the 
share of CNG and electric vehicles to 
36% of our overall portfolio. In specific, 
in the CNG segment, we outgrew the 
industry at 53% growth compared to 
FY24, with over 130 thousand CNG 
vehicles sold.
Elevating customer affinity
We made customer service our 
foremost priority, with dedicated 
efforts and focused initiatives 
to elevate every aspect of the 
ownership experience. In line with 
this commitment, we significantly 
expanded our service network by 
adding over 1,300 workshop bays and 
modernising facilities with advanced 
AI‑powered diagnostics and analytics 
— enabling faster, more precise service 
delivery driving higher levels of trust, 
convenience, and customer delight. 
We also continued to strengthen 
our presence across the country 
through targeted marketing efforts 
and the strategic expansion of our 
retail footprint, adding 102 new sales 
outlets to make customer engagement 
even more seamless. The launch 
of an all‑new mobile application 
further enriched the end‑to‑end 
customer journey, offering enhanced 
convenience and connectivity.
At the Bharat Mobility Global 
Expo, we proudly showcased our 
future‑ready mobility portfolio — 
spanning sustainable, connected, and 
intelligent solutions. This reaffirmed 
our leadership in redefining mobility in 
India and our commitment to deliver 
experiences that resonate deeply with 
evolving customer aspirations.
33
Accelerating EV adoption
To build preference for EVs and upscale 
the available charging infrastructure, 
we announced the next phase of 
Open Collaboration, introducing a 
comprehensive suite of services to 
build greater customer confidence 
and deliver seamless access to the 
broader EV ecosystem. In line with 
this commitment, we are rolling out 
hundreds of Tata.ev mega chargers 
across the country, in collaboration 
with partners. We also inaugurated 
new Tata.ev stores in Kerala, furthering 
our mission to make electric mobility 
more accessible and sustainable.
Surpassing milestones
This year, we achieved two significant 
milestones portraying the remarkable 
progress of both our PV and EV 
businesses over the years. The PV 
business crossed 6 million cumulative 
sales, while the EV business surpassed 
2,00,000 cumulative sales. Our EVs 
have collectively covered over 5 billion 
kilometres, saving more than 7,00,000 
metric tonnes of CO₂ emissions —
equivalent to the environmental 
impact of planting 30 million trees.
We ramped up production at our new 
facility in Sanand, and conducted 
groundbreaking for our new facility in 
Tamil Nadu, setting the stage for future 
growth. As we scale, we continue to 
embrace higher levels of automation 
and AI to drive efficiency, agility and 
progress toward a smarter, more 
future‑ready manufacturing footprint.
Advancing our net zero vision
In line with our ambition to achieve 
Net Zero emissions by 2040, we 
made significant strides in reducing 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions while 
maintaining industry leadership in 
CAFE compliance, well above target 
emissions. Over 47% of the electricity 
consumed at our PV and EV plants 
is sourced from renewable sources, 
and we have developed a clear 
roadmap towards water neutrality 
and zero waste to landfill, reinforcing 
our commitment to minimising our 
ecological footprint. In parallel, we 
advanced our circularity initiatives 
through closed‑loop systems for key 
materials and launched focused actions 
to preserve biodiversity across our 
operations and in India.
Looking ahead
While FY25 presented challenges 
for the industry, the fundamental 
drivers for safe, smart, and 
sustainable mobility remain strong. 
The forthcoming demerger will 
be a significant milestone in our 
journey, unlocking enhanced focus, 
agility, and value creation across our 
businesses. This strategic move will 
empower each entity to pursue its own 
growth trajectory, driven by greater 
customer orientation and innovation. 
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles is 
well‑positioned to capitalise on this 
shift, with a robust pipeline of exciting 
product launches across both EV and 
ICE segments. Our future‑focused 
portfolio, backed by a deep 
understanding of evolving customer 
needs, ensures we remain poised 
to deliver differentiated mobility 
experiences at scale.
I remain confident in our ability to 
emerge stronger and deliver long‑term 
value to all stakeholders. This confidence 
is driven by the dedication, passion, 
and talent of our people, whose 
commitment is at the heart of our 
success. I thank you for your continued 
trust, support, and belief in our journey.
Warm Regards,
Shailesh Chandra