Item No. 17
Details of the proposed RPTs of Tata Motors Passenger Vechicles Limted (‘TMPVL’), with Taco Punch Powertrain Private Limited 
(‘TPPPL’) including the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 
dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
1.
a.
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs:
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise)
Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TPPPL
TPPL  is  a  subsidiary  of  Tata  Autocomp  Systems  Limited,  an  associate 
of  the  Company.  TPPPL  is  responsible  for  designing,  manufacturing, 
marketing  and  sale  of  the  revolutionary  compact  Dual  Clutch 
Transmission design (DT1) in India and to global markets. The company 
will also realize a wide range of activities to supply Punch Powertrain’s 
DCT  range  (DT2),  Continuously  Variable  Transmissions  (CVTs)  and  EV 
Reducers to customers in India and will house the corporate supporting 
services of Punch Powertrain
TMPVL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and undertakes its 
passenger vehicles business as a separate entity w.e.f. January 1, 2022
TMPVL and TPPPL are Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of 
this Notice.
TMPVL and TPPPL have entered into / propose to enter into the following 
RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,100 crore:
Purchase of goods
Sale of goods
Availment of services
Rendering of services
Asset purchase/sale
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
0.25%
This  is  a  strategic  alliance  for  sourcing  part  and  components  for  its 
vehicles  basis  detailed  negotiations  resulting  in  overall  Tata  Motors 
Group synergy and sustainability in the long run.
b.
Type,  material  terms,  tenure,  monetary  value  and 
particulars of the proposed RPTs
Percentage  of 
the  Company’s  annual  consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
Justification for the proposed RPTs
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or 
its subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Where  any  financial  indebtedness  is  incurred  to  make 
or  give 
inter-corporate  deposits,  advances  or 
investments:
Not applicable
Not applicable
loans, 
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
Not applicable
Not applicable
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on 
the  past  practices  adopting  Arm’s  Length  Principle  substantiated  with 
report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the 
electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to 
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of 
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria 
based  on  the  market  price  or  alternative  pricing  method  of  relevant 
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as 
may  be  applicable,  shall  be  obtained  by  the  parties  concerned.  In  the 
case  of  reimbursements  /  recoveries,  same  would  be  based  on  actual 
cost incurred
c.
2.
3.
a.
b.