Some  significant 
systems are:
features  of  the 
internal  control  of  
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
The  Audit  Committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors, 
comprising  entirely  of 
independent  directors  and 
functional  since  August  1988,  regularly  reviews  the 
audit  plans,  significant  audit  findings,  adequacy  of 
internal controls, compliance with accounting standards 
as well as reasons for changes in accounting policies and 
practices, if any;
Documentation of major business processes and testing 
thereof  including  financial  closing,  computer  controls 
and entity level controls, as part of compliance program 
as required under the Companies Act, 2013;
Robust Enterprise Resource Planning, supplier relations 
management  and  customer  relations  management 
connect our different locations, dealers and vendors for 
efficient  and  seamless  information  exchange.  We  also 
maintain  a  comprehensive  information  security  policy 
and undertakes continuous upgrades to our IT systems;
Detailed  business  plans  for  each  segment,  investment 
reviews,  annual  financial 
strategies,  year-on-year 
and  operating  plans  and  monthly  monitoring  are 
part  of  the  established  practices  for  all  operating  and 
service functions;
independent,  multi-disciplinary 
A  well-established, 
Internal  Audit  team  operates  in  line  with  governance 
best  practices.  It  reviews  and  reports  to  management 
and  the  Audit  Committee  about  compliance  with 
internal controls and the efficiency and effectiveness of 
operations as well as the key process risks. The scope and 
authority of the Internal Audit division is derived from 
the  Internal  Audit  Charter,  duly  approved  by  the  Audit 
Committee;  and  Anti-fraud  programs  including  whistle 
blower mechanisms are operative across the Company;
Adopted  three  Line  of  Defence  model.  The  1st  line  of 
defence,  ensures  implementation  of  desired  Internal 
Controls  and  Risk  Management  practices.  The  2nd  line 
of  defence  assist  in  determination  of  Risk  Capacity, 
Appetite,  Process  and  Procedures  and 
facilitate 
oversight,  monitoring  and  reporting  on  Risk  and 
Controls.  The  3rd  line  of  defence  is  the  internal  audit, 
which  provides  Independent  and  Objective  assurance 
to the Audit Committee on overall effectiveness of Risk 
Management, Internal Control and Compliance activities 
and recommendations on improvements required;
An ongoing program, for the reinforcement of the Tata 
Code  of  Conduct  is  prevalent  across  the  organization. 
The Code covers integrity of financial reporting, ethical 
conduct,  regulatory  compliance,  conflicts  of  interest’s 
review and reporting of concerns.
The  Board  takes  responsibility  for  the  overall  process  of 
risk  management  throughout  the  organization.  Through  an 
Enterprise Risk Management program, our business units and 
corporate functions address risks through an institutionalized 
approach  aligned  to  our  objectives.  This 
is  facilitated 
by  internal  audit.  The  Business  risk  is  managed  through 
cross  functional  involvement  and  communication  across 
businesses. The results of the risk assessment are presented 
to the senior management. The Risk Management Committee 
reviews  business  risk  areas  covering  operational,  financial, 
strategic and regulatory risks.
There  have  been  no  changes  in  our  internal  control  over 
financial  reporting  that  occurred  during  the  period  covered 
by  this  annual  report  that  have  materially  affected,  or  are 
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over 
financial reporting.
During  FY25,  we  assessed  the  effectiveness  of  the  Internal 
Control  over  Financial  Reporting  and  has  determined  that 
our Internal Control over Financial Reporting as at March 31, 
2025, is effective.
HUMAN RESOURCES / INDUSTRIAL 
RELATIONS
At  Tata  Motors,  people  remain  at  the  core  of  everything 
we  do.  Their  passion,  capabilities,  and  commitment  are 
the  foundation  of  our  success  and  our  biggest  competitive 
advantage. With a steadfast focus on being the employer of 
choice in the Indian automotive industry, we are fostering an 
empowering culture that enables every employee to unlock 
their full potential.
As  a  learning  organization,  we  are  investing  in  hyper-
personalised learning pathways, offering diverse experiences 
and continuous development opportunities across functions 
and  career  stages.  From  frontline  teams  to  future  leaders, 
we are nurturing a future-fit, future-ready workforce—agile, 
skilled,  and  aligned  to  the  evolving  needs  of  the  industry. 
We  are  also  reimagining  the  employee  experience  by 
driving digital transformation across the employee lifecycle, 
simplifying processes, and enhancing access through intuitive, 
tech-enabled platforms.
Through purposeful inclusion, we are committed to building 
a  diverse,  equitable,  and  collaborative  workplace  where 
every  voice  matters  and  every  individual  thrives.  As  we 
move forward, the trails of agility, digital mind-set, customer 
centricity,  and  collaboration  continue  to  define  the  way 
we  work—fuelling  excellence  and  shaping  the  future  of 
mobility together.
Building a Strong Workforce
We  employed  approximately  86,259  and  84,166  permanent 
employees  as  of  March  31,  2025  and  2024,  respectively. 
259