another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership 
and continues to control the transferred asset, the Company recognises its retained interest in the asset and an 
associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Company retains substantially all the risks and rewards 
of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Company continues to recognise the financial asset and also 
recognises  a  collateralised  borrowing  for  the  proceeds  received.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  derecognition  is 
recognised in profit or loss. When a financial instrument is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in equity 
is transferred to the statement of profit and loss unless it was an equity instrument electively held at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. In this case, any cumulative gain or loss in equity is transferred to retained 
earnings. Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The Company 
reviews the facts and circumstances around each asset before making a determination. Financial assets that are 
written off could still be subject to enforcement activities.
Financial liabilities are decrecognised when these are extinguished, that is when the obligation is discharged, 
cancelled or has expired.
iv) 
Impairment of financial assets:
The Company recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on a financial asset that is at amortised 
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. Expected credit losses are forward looking and are 
measured in a way that is unbiased and represents a probability-weighted amount, takes into account the time 
value  of  money  (values  are  discounted  using  the  applicable  effective  interest  rate)  and  uses  reasonable  and 
supportable information.
v)   Hedge accounting:
The  Company  uses  foreign  currency  forward  contracts  to  hedge  its  risks  associated  with  foreign  currency 
fluctuations relating to highly probable forecast transactions. The Company designates these forward contracts 
in a cash flow hedging relationship by applying the hedge accounting principles. The Company also uses interest 
rate swaps to hedge its variability in cash flows from interest payments arising from floating rate liabilities i.e. 
when interests are paid according to benchmark market interest rates.
Derivatives are initially measured at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair 
value, and changes therein are generally recognised in profit or loss.
At inception of the hedge relationship, the Company documents the economic relationship between the hedging 
instrument and the hedged item, including whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging instrument are 
expected to offset changes in the cash flows of the hedged item. The Company documents its risk management 
objective and strategy for undertaking its hedging transactions. The Company designates only the intrinsic value 
of foreign exchange options in the hedging relationship. The Company designates amounts excluding foreign 
currency basis spread in the hedging relationship for both foreign exchange forward contracts and cross- currency 
interest rate swaps. Changes in the fair value of the derivative contracts that are designated and effective as 
hedges of future cash flows are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within other comprehensive income 
(net of tax), and any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the statement of profit and loss.
Amounts  accumulated  in  equity  are  reclassified  to  the  statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  or  Balance  Sheet  in  the 
periods in which the forecasted transactions occurs.
For forwards and options, forward premium and the time value are not considered part of the hedge. These are 
treated as cost of hedge and the changes in fair value attributable to forward premium is recognised in the other 
comprehensive income along with the changes in fair value determined to be effective portion of the hedge.
Effective portion of fair value changes of interest rate swaps that are designated as hedges against interest rate 
risk arising from floating rate debt are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or 
no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to the statement of 
profit and loss in the periods in which the forecast transactions affect profit or loss or as an adjustment to a non-
financial item (e.g. inventory) when that item is recognised on the balance sheet. These deferred amounts are 
486