Item No. 10
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company with Tata Cummins Private Limited (‘TCPL’), including the information required to 
be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated 
July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TCPL
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
1.
a.
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern or 
interest (financial or otherwise)
TCPL is a 50:50 joint venture between the Company and Cummins Inc, 
USA.
TCPL  is  engaged  in  the  manufacture  and  sale  of  engine  and  its 
components, including trading of bought out finished components and 
after-market services. TCPL manufactures high performance, reliable and 
durable mid-range (B&L) engines in the range of 75 to 400 HP.
TCPL is a Related Party of the Company, as on the date of this Notice.
The  Company  and  TCPL  have  entered  into  /  propose  to  enter  into  the 
following RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹7,550 
crore  (with  funding  transactions  not  exceeding  ₹50  crore  outstanding 
at any point of time and operational transactions not exceeding ₹7,500 
crore):
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
 Purchase of goods / services (including material procurement)
Sale of goods / services
Inter-corporate deposits given
Rent received
Interest received/paid
b.
Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and particulars 
of the proposed RPTs
c.
Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover, 
for  the 
is 
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
immediately  preceding  financial  year,  that 
1.72%
2.
Justification for the proposed RPTs
One  of  the  important  objectives  of  the  Joint  Venture  is  to  meet  the 
business requirements of both JV partners and achieve overall efficiencies 
with respect to manufacture of engines.
In  light  of  above  and  various  commercial  factors,  aforementioned 
transactions are undertaken, that will not only help both the companies 
to smoothen business operations but will also ensure a consistent flow 
of  desired  quality  and  quantity  of  various  facilities  for  uninterrupted 
operations and an increase in productivity.
3.
a.
b.
c.
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its 
subsidiary:
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Own share capital / Internal accruals and liquidity of the Company
Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or give 
loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments:
Not applicable
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
Inter-corporate  deposits  given  aggregating  to,  not  exceeding  ₹50  crore 
outstanding at any point of time.
•  
• 
• 
•  
• 
Lock in Period of 2 days and thereafter on ‘demand to pay basis’.  
Tenure: up to 12 months.
 Interest rate: upto 9%; linked to Company’s Short term Borrowing 
Rate.
Repayment Schedule: Not Applicable.   
The above inter-corporate deposits are under unsecured category.
d.
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
To meet the working capital requirements of TCPL
540