Type of shareholders
 Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
Shareholders 
Individual 
(holding 
in 
demat mode) login through 
their DPs
securities 
1.  Users  who  have  opted  for  CDSL  Easi  /  Easiest  facility,  can  login  through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi /
Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi 
username & password.
2.  After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user 
will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting 
your  vote  during  the  remote  e-Voting  period  or  joining  virtual  meeting 
&  voting  during  the  meeting.  Additionally,  there  is  also  links  provided  to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit 
the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. 
If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then click on registration option.
4.  Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account  Number  and  PAN  No.  from  a  e-Voting  link  available  on  www.
cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending 
OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After 
successful  authentication,  user  will  be  able  to  see  the  e-Voting  option 
where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system 
of all e-Voting Service Providers.
You  can  also  login  using  the  login  credentials  of  your  demat  account  through 
your  Depository  Participant  registered  with  NSDL/CDSL  for  e-Voting  facility. 
upon  logging  in,  you  will  be  able  to  see  e-Voting  option.  Click  on  e-Voting 
option,  you  will  be  redirected  to  NSDL/CDSL  Depository  site  after  successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk  for  Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  mode  for  any  technical  issues  related  to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type
Helpdesk details
Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat 
mode with NSDL
Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat 
mode with CDSL
Members  facing  any  technical  issue  in  login  can 
contact  NSDL  helpdesk  by  sending  a  request  at 
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Members  facing  any  technical  issue  in  login  can 
contact  CDSL  helpdesk  by  sending  a  request  at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or  contact  at  toll 
free no. 1800-21-09911
532