Currently, over 1,350 
employees are pursuing 
higher education
Building a future-ready workforce through higher education
•  As part of our journey toward becoming a learning organisation, TML is deeply 
committed to enabling continuous growth and development for our employees. 
We actively support higher education programmes that empower individuals to 
stay future‑ready and aligned with evolving business needs.
•  Currently, over 1,350 employees are pursuing qualifications ranging from 
Diploma to B.Tech, M.Tech, MBA, and even Ph.D. across diverse specialisations 
such as AI/ML, EV Technology, Customer Excellence, and more. These 
programmes not only enrich individual capability but also strengthen our 
collective expertise as an organisation of lifelong learners.
Corporate Gurukul Learning Week
•  The Corporate Gurukul Learning Week was a vibrant, week‑long initiative 
aimed at driving growth, innovation, and transformation across all levels of the 
organisation. Anchored in the theme ‘Learn – Celebrate – Transform,’ the event 
offered a rich mix of learning opportunities spanning functional and professional 
skills, behavioural development, and trending industry topics. The week featured 
a variety of engaging formats, including immersive dealership‑based learning 
experiences and thought‑provoking expert panel discussions. The initiative 
saw enthusiastic participation from over 1,800 employees, making it a truly 
organisation‑wide movement for continuous learning and development.
Leadership training
We address developmental focus areas for nominees of Succession Planning through customised programmes, partnering 
with top global business schools and knowledge partners such as Tata Management Training Centre (TMTC), offering a 
comprehensive blend of experience, exposure and education.
Technocrat
development
Talent
development
Transition
enablement
Functional leadership
Designed for Commercial and Product 
Line Heads across businesses, to 
drive new business ideas, stakeholder 
management and future growth 
trajectories for Tata Motors vehicles.
Repurpose, Integrate, Shift, Evolve 
(RISE) Series
Designed to equip promotees (Levels 
3‑5) with leadership behaviours aligned 
with the Company culture and business 
acumen to help them excel in their 
new roles.
Leadership trails 2.0
Designed to equip senior leaders with 
fresh insights on cultural enablers to 
drive Tata Motors’ future growth phase.
Leadership quest and inner circle
The long‑term programme focused 
on strategic renewal, innovation, 
coaching, and digital transformation for 
mid‑senior leaders.
Enhancing sustainability awareness 
Execution of an internal certification 
programme in partnership with 
Sustainability team for organisation‑
wide leadership and HR leadership as 
well. The programme was then opened 
to other functional cohorts as well.
AI capability-building initiatives across 
the organisation: Structured rollout 
of AI awareness programmes (on LXP) 
across various cohorts along with deep‑
dive AI trainings for various functions.
101