P4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
P5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
P6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
P7:  Businesses,  when  engaging  in  influencing  public  and  regulatory  policy,  should  do  so  in  a  manner  that  is  responsible 
and transparent
P8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
P9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
 Disclosure Questions
b. 
 Has the policy been 
approved by the Board? 
c.   Web Link of the Policies
2
3
4
5
Whether the entity has 
translated the policy into 
procedures. 
Do the enlisted policies extend 
to your value chain partners?  
(Yes/No)
Name of the national 
and international codes 
/ certifications / labels / 
standards adopted by your 
entity and mapped to each 
principle
Specific commitments, goals 
and targets set by the entity 
with defined timelines
P 1
Yes
P 2
Yes
P 3
Yes
P 4
Yes
P 5
Yes
P 6
Yes
P 7
Yes
P 8
Yes
P 9
Yes
The Policies covering the NGRBC principles are available on the Company’s website and following 
weblinks
https://www.tatamotors.com/corporate-responsibility/governance/ 
https://www.tata.com/content/dam/tata/pdf/Tata%20Code%20Of%20Conduct.pdf 
Yes,  all  our  policies  have  been  translated  into  actionable  procedures,  currently  undergoing 
implementation across different phases. The Company follows a systematic, multi-tiered approach 
to review performance. The Factory Implementation Committee at the first level, followed by plant 
level Apex Committee/Sub-Committee followed by Business Unit (‘BU’) Councils and overseen by the 
respective committees of the Board.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
The Environmental Policy, Safety & Health policy and Quality policy are aligned with the requirements 
of  international  standards  ISO  14001,  ISO  45001  and  IATF  16949.  TML  follows  GRI  Standards  to 
disclose on its material topics in the Integrated Report, which is also mapped against principles of 
United Nations Global Compact (‘UNGC’) and Sustainable Development Goals (‘SDGs’). The Company 
voluntarily  discloses  to  CDP  on  Climate  Change,  S&P  Global  Corporate  Sustainability  Assessment 
(CSA) and is committed to Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
Our IT systems are ISO 27001 compliant, and we are updating our procedures as per General Data 
Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (‘DPDP’). All our 
commercial vehicle manufacturing sites are ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 certified.
Tata Motors has set internal goals and targets on each of the principles with a few listed below.
In line with Principle 6, the following commitments have been made by TML:
(i)  
(ii)  
(iii) 
 Driving  Net  Zero  -  The  Company  is  committed  to  achieving  Net  Zero  Emissions  by  2045  for 
Commercial Vehicles Business and it has also committed to setting Science Based Targets to 
act  as  intermediate  milestones  in  this  journey.  As  a  signatory  to  Climate  Group  RE100,  the 
Company is committed to achieving 100% renewable electricity use in operations by 2030. We 
have also set internal targets to reduce our embodied emissions by 2030, aligning with our Net 
Zero commitment.
 Pioneering Circular Economy - The Company already has strong foundations in its operations 
around responsible use of fresh water, aiming for water neutrality by 2030, and disposal  of 
waste, aiming for Zero Waste to Landfill by 2030. We have also set targets under our TATVA 
circular  economy  framework  to  reduce  our  material  footprint  by  2030.  Additionally,  we 
are  in  the  process  of  setting  revenue-based  KPIs  to  maximize  opportunities  from  lifetime 
improvement and utilization optimization.
 Preserving Nature and Biodiversity - While the Company has a rich legacy of creating water 
body-based ecosystems around its plants, which nurture a wide variety of flora and fauna, it 
intends to take this forward with a more scientific approach and aspires to become a catalyst 
of transformative change on this subject. We have also taken a strategic decision to enhance 
and enlist the natural habitats in and around our operations under the OECM framework.
195