use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted 
to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate 
that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the 
time  value  of  money  and  the  risks  specific  to  the 
asset for which the estimates of future cash flows 
have not been adjusted.
If  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  (or  cash-
generating  unit)  is  estimated  to  be  less  than  its 
carrying  amount,  the  carrying  amount  of  the 
is  reduced  to 
asset  (or  cash-generating  unit) 
its  recoverable  amount.  An  impairment  loss  is 
recognised immediately in the statement of Profit 
and Loss.
An asset or cash-generating unit impaired in prior 
years  is  reviewed  at  each  balance  sheet  date 
to  determine  whether  there  is  any  indication 
of  a  reversal  of  impairment  loss  recognized  in 
prior years.
(i)  Recent accounting pronouncements
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standards or amendments to the existing standards 
under  Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards) 
Rules as issued from time to time. During the year 
ended  March  31,  2025,  MCA  has  notified  Ind  AS 
117 - Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind 
As  116  –  Leases,  relating  to  sale  and  lease  back 
transactions,  applicable  from  April  1,  2024.    The 
Company has assessed that there is no significant 
impact on its financial statements.
On May 9, 2025, MCA notifies the amendments to 
Ind AS 21 - Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange 
Rates.  These  amendments  aim  to  provide  clearer 
guidance  on  assessing  currency  exchangeability 
and  estimating  exchange  rates  when  currencies 
are not readily exchangeable. The amendments are 
effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after 
April  1,  2025.  The  Company  is  currently  assessing 
the  probable  impact  of  these  amendments  on  its 
financial statements.
3  Property, plant and equipment
(a)  Accounting policy
Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost 
less  accumulated 
of  acquisition  or  construction 
depreciation and impairment, if any.
Freehold land is measured at cost and is not depreciated.
Cost  includes  purchase  price,  non-recoverable  taxes 
and  duties,  labour  cost  and  direct  overheads  for  self-
constructed assets and other direct costs incurred up to 
the date the asset is ready for its intended use.
Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and 
equipment  is  capitalised  only  when  it  is  probable  that 
future economic benefits associated with these will flow 
to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured 
reliably. Repairs and maintenance costs are recognized 
in the statement of profit and loss when incurred.
Interest  cost  incurred  is  capitalised  up  to  the  date  the 
asset is ready for its intended use for qualifying assets, 
based on borrowings incurred specifically for financing 
the  asset  or  the  weighted  average  rate  of  all  other 
borrowings, if no specific borrowings have been incurred 
for the asset.
Depreciation  is  provided  on  the  Straight  Line  Method 
(SLM)  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  of  the  assets 
considering  the  nature,  estimated  usage,  operating 
conditions,  past  history  of  replacement,  anticipated 
technological  changes,  manufacturers’  warranties 
and  maintenance  support.  Taking  into  account  these 
factors,  the  Company  has  decided  to  retain  the  useful 
life hitherto adopted for various categories of property, 
plant  and  equipments,  which  are  different  from  those 
prescribed in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Estimated useful lives of assets are as follows:
Type of Asset
Buildings, Roads, Bridge and culverts
Plant, machinery and equipment
Computers and other IT assets
Vehicles
 Estimated useful life 
(years)
4 to 60 years
8 to 20 years
4 to 6 years
4 to 10 years
Furnitures, fixtures and office equipment
5 to 15 years
The useful lives are reviewed at each year end. Changes 
in  expected  useful  lives  are  treated  as  change  in 
accounting estimates.
Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-progress 
until construction and installation are complete and the 
asset is ready for its intended use.
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized 
on disposal. Any gain or loss arising from derecognition 
of an item of property, plant and equipment is included 
in the statement of profit and loss.
440