1  Background and operations
Tata  Motors  Limited  referred  to  as  (“the  Company” 
or  “Tata  Motors”),  designs,  manufactures  and  sells  a 
wide  range  of  automotive  vehicles.  The  Company  also 
manufactures engines for industrial applications.
The Company is a public limited Company incorporated 
and  domiciled  in  India  and  has  its  registered  office  at 
Mumbai, India. As at March 31, 2025, Tata Sons Private 
Limited,  together  with  its  subsidiaries  owns  42.51%  of 
the Ordinary shares of the Company and has the ability 
to significantly influence the Company’s operations.
The standalone financial statements were approved by 
the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on May 
13, 2025.
2  Material accounting policies
(a)  Statement of compliance
These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared 
in  accordance  with  Indian  Accounting  Standards 
(“Ind AS”) as notified under the Companies (Indian 
Accounting  Standards)  Rules,  2015  read  with 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) 
as amended from time to time.
(b)  Basis of preparation
These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared 
on historical cost basis except for certain financial 
instruments  which  are  measured  at  fair  value  at 
the  end  of  each  reporting  period  as  explained 
in  the  accounting  policies  below.  All  amounts 
have  been  rounded  to  the  nearest  crores,  unless 
otherwise  indicated.  “0”  refers  to  amounts  less 
than ₹ 0.50 crore.
is  a 
Joint operations :
Certain of the Company’s activities, are conducted 
through  a 
joint 
joint  operation,  which 
arrangement  whereby  the  parties  that  have  joint 
control  of  the  arrangement  have  rights  to  the 
assets,  and  obligations  for  the  liabilities,  relating 
to  the  arrangement.  As  per  Ind  AS  111  -  Joint 
arrangements, in its separate financial statements, 
the Company being a joint operator has recognised 
its  share  of  the  assets,  liabilities,  income  and 
expenses of these joint operations incurred jointly 
with  the  other  partners,  along  with  its  share  of 
income from the sale of the output and any assets, 
liabilities  and  expenses  that  it  has  incurred  in 
relation to the joint operation.
Although not required by Ind AS, the Company has 
provided in note 47 additional information of Tata 
Motors Limited on a standalone basis excluding its 
interest  in  its  Joint  Operation  viz.  Tata  Cummins 
Private Limited (including its subsidiary company).
(c)  Use of estimates and judgments
The  preparation  of  financial  statements 
in 
conformity  with  Ind  AS  requires  management 
to  make  judgments,  estimates  and  assumptions, 
that  affect  the  application  of  accounting  policies 
and  the  reported  amounts  of  assets,  liabilities 
and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities 
at  the  date  of  these  financial  statements  and  the 
reported  amounts  of  revenues  and  expenses  for 
the  periods  presented.  Actual  results  may  differ 
from these estimates and judgements.
Estimates
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised in the period in which the 
estimate is revised and future periods affected.
In  particular,  information  about  significant  areas 
of  estimation  uncertainty  and  critical  judgments 
in  applying  accounting  policies  that  have  the 
most significant effect on the amounts recognised 
in  the  financial  statements  are  included  in  the 
following notes:
i)   Note  3  and  Note  5  -  Property,  plant  and 
equipment  and  Intangible  assets-  useful  life 
and impairment
ii)   Note 27 - Provision for product warranty
iii)   Note 33(B) - Assets and obligations relating to 
employee benefits
Judgements
i) 
Revenue  recognition:  The  Company  uses 
judgement  to  determine  when  control  of  its 
goods,  primarily  vehicles  and  parts,  pass  to 
the customer. This is assessed with reference 
to  indicators  of  control,  including  the  risks 
and  rewards  of  ownership  and  legal  title 
with  reference  to  the  underlying  terms  of 
the  customer  contract.  Refer  to  note  31  for 
further information.
ii) 
of 
product 
engineering 
Capitalisation 
costs:  The  Company  applies 
judgement 
in  determining  at  what  point  in  a  vehicle 
recognition 
programme’s 
life  cycle 
the 
438