About the report
Tata Motors Limited’s 80th Integrated Annual Report for FY25 covers our financial and 
non‑financial performance and provides an insight into our business model, strategy, risks, 
opportunities, performance, and achievements during the period under review. 
Reporting cycle
01
31
Date
04
03
MONTH
24
25
YEAR
Frameworks, guidelines 
and standards used:
International <IR> 
Framework (the ‘<IR> 
Framework’)
Companies Act, 2013 
(and the rules made 
thereunder)
Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015
Secretarial Standards 
issued by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries 
of India
GRI Standards 2021 
United Nations 
Sustainable Development 
Goals (UN SDGs)
Indian Accounting Standards
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting 
(BRSR) 
Reporting scope and boundary
Unless otherwise specified, the Report 
covers financial information on a 
consolidated basis across segments for 
Tata Motors Group. The operating segment 
comprises the automotive segment and 
others, with details presented for entities 
based on three reportable sub‑segments: 
Tata Commercial Vehicles (Tata CV), 
Tata Passenger Vehicles (Tata PV) and 
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR).
The reporting boundary for non‑financial 
data in the ‘Sustainability Review’ section 
covers indicators as per GRI Standards 2021 
for Tata Motors Limited (TML), Tata Motors 
Passenger Vehicles Limited (TMPVL), Tata 
Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (TPEML) 
and a select set of indicators for JLR. The 
four entities included in the sustainability 
disclosures are a subset of those covered 
in the consolidated financial statements 
mentioned in Form AOC‑1 of this Integrated 
Annual Report. The BRSR Section covers 
TML disclosures on a standalone basis. 
A limited assurance on select GRI indicators 
for TML, TMPVL and TPEML and select BRSR 
indicators for TML (which are not part of 
BRSR Core) is provided by KPMG Assurance 
and Consulting Services LLP.
Reporting of environmental and 
safety‑related KPIs under the ‘Sustainability 
Review’ section does not include the 
non‑manufacturing locations, namely 
regional and corporate offices of TML, 
TMPVL, and TPEML and excludes the 
joint operations of Tata Cummins Private 
Limited. TML has evaluated and does not 
believe that this exclusion is material both 
qualitatively and quantitatively to the 
reporting under this section.
The information/data measurement 
techniques used and the basis of calculations 
and estimates have been mentioned in the 
relevant sections of this report.
There are certain restatements in the 
‘Sustainability Review’ section for combined 
disclosures of TML, TMPVL and TPEML in 
the comparative year due to changes in 
approach, methodology and recomputation 
of certain attributes in this report. 
Restatements have been done on the 
following attributes – energy consumption, 
GHG emissions, and air emissions. The 
effects and reasons have been included 
under the respective Principles of this 
report. These restatements would 
enable consistency and comparability 
of information for the current year 
and previous year.
Responsibility statement
Our Board ensures the integrity, 
completeness, and adherence to the IFRS’ 
<IR> Framework in the preparation and 
presentation of this Report.
Page 66
Materiality 
Tata Motors’ top management actively 
reviews topics, critical to stakeholders and 
value creation and determines the inclusion 
of material topics in the Integrated Report.
Assurance
•  Financial statements: Audited by 
Page 238
independent auditors BSR & Co. LLP
•  For non‑financial data (India operations):
 − The BRSR covers data for TML on 
a standalone basis; Reasonable 
assurance has been provided 
on BRSR Core Indicators by 
KPMG Assurance and Consulting 
Services LLP.
 − Limited assurance is provided by 
KPMG Assurance and Consulting 
Services LLP on select BRSR 
indicators (which are not part 
of BRSR Core) covering TML and 
select indicators reported as per 
GRI Standards 2021 covering TML, 
TMPVL and TPEML.
The Assurance Statements are available on 
our website. https://www.tatamotors.com/
annual‑reports/.
Tax Transparency Report
We are initiating an annual ‘Tax 
Transparency Report’ from this financial 
year. The Tax Transparency Report is a 
voluntary disclosure published on our 
website to provide a holistic perspective of 
our contribution to the exchequer in India 
and globally, as well as transparency in 
managing our tax affairs. 
The Tax Transparency Report on our website 
https://www.tatamotors.com/annual‑reports/.
Forward-looking statements
Certain statements in this report regarding Tata Motors, business operations may constitute forward‑looking statements. These include all statements other than statements of historical facts, 
including those regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations. Forward‑looking statements can be identified by words such as ‘believes’, 
‘estimates’, ‘anticipates’, ‘expects’, ‘intends’, ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘plans’, ‘outlook’ and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operational or financial performance.
Forward‑looking statements are necessarily dependent on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and that may be incapable of being realised and as such, are not intended 
to be a guarantee of future results but constitute the Company’s current expectations based on reasonable assumptions. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward‑
looking statements due to various events, risks, uncertainties and other factors. Tata Motors neither assumes any obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward‑looking statements, whether 
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
02