Principle 7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner 
that is responsible and transparent
Essential Indicators
1 
a.   Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers / associations: 9
b.   List the top 10 trade and industry chambers / associations (determined based on the total members of such body) 
the entity is a member of / affiliated to:
Sr.
No.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Name of the trade and industry chambers/ associations
Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers 
Confederation of Indian Industry
FICCI
Indian Merchant Chambers
Indo American Chamber of Commerce
Bombay Chamber of Commerce
Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce
Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industries & Agriculture 
SIDCUL Entrepreneur Welfare Society
Reach of trade and industry chambers/ 
associations
National
National
National
National
National
State
State
State
State
2. 
Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anticompetitive conduct by the entity, 
based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of authority
Brief of the case
Nil
Corrective action taken
Note:  The  Competition  Commission  of  India  (CCI)  had  passed  an  order  in  year  2011  which  has  been  challenged  and  is 
pending for hearing. Another order passed in 2023 has been decided in favour of TML but has been challenged before the 
National Company Law Appellate Tribunal by the complainant. Details as under:
Case title: PV Auto parts case (Complaint filed by Mr. Shamsher Kataria): In the year 2011, CCI initiated the enquiry and 
investigation against car manufacturers in India (including TML). Finally, CCI vide its order dated 25.08.2014 held the car 
manufacturers of having indulged in anti-competitive practices. CCI, among other directives, imposed a penalty on TML 
amounting to ₹1,346.46 crores. TML, along with a majority of car manufacturers, challenged the order of CCI and presently 
there is a stay on CCI’s order. Now the matter shall be listed in due course before Supreme Court for further proceedings.
Case title: CV Abuse of dominance case (Complaint filed by Mrs. Neha Gupta and Mr. Nishant Bhutada): In the year 2021, 
CCI ordered its Director General (“DG”) to conduct an investigation on the complaint against TML, TMFL and TCFSL for 
concerting together to form a cartel, abusing their dominance in the vehicle market and causing irreparable financial losses 
to its dealers. TMFL and TCFSL were dropped by CCI from the investigation. The DG submitted the report with CCI prima 
facie holding TML guilty of imposing territorial restrictions on its dealers from selling the vehicles. TML filed its objections 
to the DG’s report and, finally the CCI vide its order dated 23.08.2023 decided the matter is favour of TML thereby setting 
aside the DG’s report and the complaints filed by both the informants. The CCI held that while TML is a dominant player in 
commercial vehicles market, there is no case made out against it either under the provisions of Section 3 (anti-competitive 
practices) or Section 4 (abuse of dominance) of the Act.
Mrs. Neha Gupta has filed an appeal before the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (“NCLAT”) against the above 
Order of CCI and the same is pending for further proceedings.
233