The composition of the NRC and attendance of its Members 
at the Meetings held during their tenure is as follows:
Name of the Member
Category
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt 
(Chairperson)
Ms Hanne Sorensen
ID
ID
Mr N Chandrasekaran
NINED
No. of Meetings 
held during tenure
No. of 
Meetings 
attended
• 
3
3
3
3
3
3
• 
• 
• 
Remuneration Policy
The  Remuneration  Policy  of  the  Company  is  designed  to 
create  a  high-performance  culture.  It  enables  the  Company 
to  attract,  retain  and  motivate  employees  to  achieve 
results.  Our  business  model  promotes  customer  centricity 
and  requires  employee  mobility  to  address  project  needs. 
The  remuneration  policy  supports  such  mobility  through 
pay  models  that  are  compliant  to  local  regulations.  In  each 
country  where  the  Company  operates,  the  remuneration 
is  tailored  to  the  regulations,  practices  and 
structure 
benchmarks  prevalent 
industry.  
The  detailed  Remuneration  Policy  for  Directors,  KMP  and 
other  employees,  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of 
the  Act  and  the  SEBI  Listing  Regulations  is  available  on  the 
website  at   
https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
uploads/2023/11/remuneration-policy.pdf  The  Company 
pays  remuneration  by  way  of  salary,  benefits,  perquisites 
and allowances (fixed component) and commission (variable 
component) to its ED. Annual increments are recommended 
by the NRC within the salary scale approved by the Board and 
Members which are effective from April 1, each year.
the  automotive 
in 
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the NRC, 
decides the commission payable to the ED out of the profits for 
the financial year and within the threshold prescribed under 
the Act, based on the Board evaluation process considering 
the criteria such as the performance of the Company as well 
as that of the ED.
REMUNERATION  OF  DIRECTORS  AND  
KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL:
Non-Executive Directors (‘NEDs’)
• 
The  remuneration  by  way  of  commission  to  the  NEDs 
is decided by the Board of Directors and distributed to 
them  based  on  their  participation  and  contribution  at 
the  Board  and  Committee  Meetings  and  performance 
evaluation by the Board. The Commission paid/ payable 
shall  be  in  addition  to  the  sitting  fees  payable  to  the 
Directors  for  attending  the  meetings  of  the  Board  or 
271
Committees thereof or for any other purpose whatsoever 
as may be decided by the Board, and reimbursement of 
expenses for participation in these meetings.
In view of the Company’s improved performance, positive 
outlook  and  the  valuable  services  being  rendered  by 
the Directors to the Company, the shareholders at the 
78th  AGM  of  the  Company,  held  on  August  8,  2023, 
approved the remuneration payable to the NEDs/IDs, in 
the event of no/inadequacy of profit for FY24 and FY25 
calculated under Section 198 of the Act, provided that 
the  aggregate  of  such  remuneration  shall  not  exceed 
1%  of  the  net  profit  for  each  of  the  financial  years  
2022-23, 2023-24 and 2024-25 calculated in terms of the 
audited financial statements of the Company prepared 
in  accordance  with  the  applicable  Indian  Accounting 
Standards  (“Ind  AS”),  for  each  of  the  above  said  three 
financial  years  and  would  not  exceed  more  than  10% 
of the remuneration paid to them for the immediately 
preceding financial year.
The performance evaluation criteria for NEDs, including 
IDs,  is  determined  by  the  NRC.  An  indicative  list  of 
factors  that  were  evaluated  include  participation  and 
contribution  by  a  Director,  commitment,  effective 
deployment  of  knowledge  and  expertise,  effective 
management  of 
stakeholders, 
role  in  Board  constituted  committees,  integrity  and 
maintenance  of  confidentiality  and  independence  of 
behaviour and judgement.
relationship  with 
Sitting  fees  of  ₹60,000/-  is  paid  to  NEDs  for  attending 
meetings  of  the  Board  and  the  meetings  of  the 
committees of Audit, NRC and ID meetings. Also a sitting 
fees of ₹20,000/- for attending meetings of Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee, Safety, Health & Sustainability 
Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, 
Risk  Management  Committee,  Technology  Committee, 
Allotment  Committee  and  other  special  need  based 
committees, is paid to its Members (excluding ED).
Sitting  fees  paid/payable  to  the  Non  Whole-time 
Directors  is  excluded  whilst  calculating  the  limits  of 
remuneration in accordance with Section 197 of the Act. 
The  Company  also  reimburses  out-of-pocket  expenses 
to  Directors  attending  meetings  held  at  a  city  other 
than the one in which the Directors reside. As a policy, 
the  Chairman  abstains  from  receiving  commission/
remuneration  from  the  Company.  In  lines  with  the 
internal guidelines of the Company, no payment is made 
towards  commission/remuneration  to  NEDs  of  the 
Company, who are in full time employment of any other 
Tata Company.