People and culture
3    Fostering strong industrial relations  
and building a skilled talent pool
Employee relations
Strong employee relations form the bedrock of sustained growth and operational 
excellence in our organisation. We have established workmen unions across seven 
of our plants (Except Dharwad site), which actively engage in Joint Forums meetings 
with the Management at multiple levels. These forums serve as a platform for 
constructive dialogue and joint resolution of concerns related to workmen. Our 
commitment to our workforce goes beyond daily operations. We ensure:
•  Social protection coverage for the workmen
•  Wages aligned with industry benchmarks, ensuring fairness 
and competitiveness
•  Capability building initiatives aimed at preparing our teams for future industrial 
transitions and technological shifts. Our 100% sponsored higher education 
programme for workmen is designed to support their aspirations for growth 
and prepare them for higher roles
Our reward and recognition framework is designed to promote fairness and equity, 
ensuring the uniform application of remuneration guidelines.
Wage settlement
Tata Motors fosters strong and 
collaborative industrial relations 
with its seven employee unions, 
representing over 15,000 technicians. 
Open dialogue, mutual respect, and 
joint forums help address challenges 
and align on shared goals. In FY25, 
five long‑term, productivity‑linked 
settlements were successfully signed at 
Lucknow, Sanand‑1, Sanand‑2, TMBSL 
Lucknow and Dharwad — reflecting 
our commitment to inclusive growth, 
future‑readiness, and sustained 
partnership between management 
and workforce.
Kaushalya programme
• 
The Kaushalya programme is a key initiative by TML aimed at upskilling the 
workforce in emerging automotive technologies such as electric vehicles (EVs) 
and automation. It bridges the gap between traditional learning and hands‑on 
industry skills, enhancing employability and supporting long‑term talent needs 
in the automotive ecosystem. 
•  Over the past three years, the programme has benefitted more than 16,000 
individuals, achieving 23% gender diversity through the ‘Earn and Learn’ 
initiative, which enables ITI and 12th‑pass graduates to pursue fully sponsored 
Diplomas in ‘Mechatronics Engineering’ and ‘Automobile Manufacturing 
Technology’. A pilot batch of 76 Persons with Disabilities (PwD) trainees has 
also been inducted into this programme at Pune and Jamshedpur.
•  With a 97% placement rate (1,672 trainees), Kaushalya programme promotes 
inclusion, industry‑readiness, and career growth.
Lakshya programme
• 
The Lakshya programme is a 
strategic ‘Earn and Learn’ initiative 
by Tata Motors designed to 
provide diploma graduates with 
the opportunity to pursue a BTech 
in ‘Engineering Technology’ from 
premier institutes while working 
at Tata Motors. 
• 
Launched as a pilot in FY25, the 
programme offers aspirational 
roles such as ‘Shop‑Floor 
Operating Engineer’ and ‘Front‑
end Commercial’, with structured 
pathways for career advancement. 
In addition to nurturing future‑
ready talent, Lakshya programme 
aims to build a strong, sustainable 
talent pipeline to support 
the organisation’s evolving 
business needs.
104