Total borrowings includes all long and short-term borrowings as disclosed in notes 22 and 23 to the financial statements. 
Equity comprises all components excluding (profit)/loss on cash flow hedges.
The following table summarises the capital of the Company:
Equity
Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term borrowings
Long-term borrowings
Total borrowings
Total capital (Debt + Equity)
Total equity as reported in balance sheet
Hedging reserve
Cost of Hedge reserve
Equity as reported above
42 Financial instruments
(a)   Accounting policy
i)   Recognition:
As at
March 31, 2025
 33,429 
 4,982 
 3,626 
 8,608 
 42,037 
 33,442 
 5 
 (18)
 33,429 
(₹ in crores)
As at
March 31, 2024
 30,176 
 8,535 
 5,236 
 13,771 
 43,947 
 30,143 
 3 
 30 
 30,176 
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or 
equity instrument of another entity.
Trade receivables and debt securities issued are initially recognised when they are originated. All other financial 
instruments  are  initially  recognised  when  the  Company  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual  provisions  of 
the instrument.
Initial measurement
Financial  instruments  are  initially  recognised  at  its  fair  value.  Transaction  costs  directly  attributable  to  the 
acquisition  or  issue  of  financial  instruments  are  recognised  in  determining  the  carrying  amount,  if  it  is  not 
classified  as  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.  However,  trade  receivables  that  do  not  contain  a  significant 
financing component are measured at transaction price. Transaction costs of financial instruments carried at fair 
value through profit or loss are expensed in the statement of profit and loss.
Subsequently, financial instruments are measured according to the category in which they are classified.
Classification and measurement – financial assets
Classification of financial assets is based on the business model in which the instruments are held as well as the 
characteristics of their contractual cash flows. The business model is based on management’s intentions and 
past pattern of transactions. Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when 
determining  whether  their  cash  flows  are  solely  payment  of  principal  and  interest.  The  Company  reclassifies 
financial assets when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
Financial assets are classified into three categories
Financial assets at amortised cost: Financial assets having contractual terms that give rise on specified dates 
to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal outstanding and that are held 
within a business model whose objective is to hold such assets in order to collect such contractual cash flows 
are classified in this category. Subsequently, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
method less any impairment losses.
Equity  investments  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income  (Equity  instruments): These  include 
financial  assets  that  are  equity  instruments  and  are  designated  as  such  upon  initial  recognition  irrevocably. 
484