4   Leases
(a)   Accounting policy
Lessee:
At inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether a contract is, or contain a lease. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company 
assesses whether:
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
The contract involves the use of an identified asset –this may be specified explicitly or implicitly, and should be 
physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a 
substantive substation right, then the asset is not identified;
The Company has the right to substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the asset throughout the 
period of use; and
The Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company has this right when it has the decision 
making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purposes the asset is used. In rare cases 
where the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is predetermined, the Company has the 
right to direct the use of the asset if either:
The Company has the right to operate the asset; or
The Company designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purposes it will be used.
As a practical expedient, accounting standards permit a lessee not to separate non-lease components, and instead 
account for any lease and associated non-lease components as a single arrangement. The Company has not used this 
practical expedient. At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Company 
allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.
The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use 
asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises of the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease 
payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and estimated dilapidation 
costs,  less  any  lease  incentives  received.  The  right-of-use  asset  is  subsequently  amortised  using  the  straight-line 
method over the shorter of the useful life of the leased asset or the period of lease. If ownership of the leased asset 
is automatically transferred at the end of the lease term or the exercise of a purchase option is reflected in the lease 
payments, the right-of-use asset is amortised on a straightline basis over the expected useful life of the leased asset.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at commencement 
date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company’s 
incremental borrowing rate. The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is 
re-measured when there is a change in future lease payments.
Lease  payments  include  fixed  payments,  including  in-substance  fixed  payments,  amounts  expected  to  be  payable 
under a residual value guarantee, the exercise price of a purchase option if the Company is reasonably certain to 
exercise that option and payment of penalties for terminating the lease if the lease term considered reflects that 
the Company shall exercise termination option. The Company also recognises a right of use asset which comprises 
of amount of initial measurement of the lease liability, any initial direct cost incurred by the Company and estimated 
dilapidation costs.
Payment made towards short term leases (leases for which non-cancellable term is 12 months or lesser) and low 
value assets (lease of assets worth less than ₹0.03 crores) are recognised in the statement of Profit and Loss as rental 
expenses over the tenor of such leases.   
Lessor:
At the inception of a lease, the lease arrangement is classified as either a finance lease or an operating lease, based 
on contractual terms and substance of the lease arrangement. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially 
all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are 
classified as operating leases.
443