(b) 
In  case  shares  are  held  in  demat  mode, 
please  provide  DPID-Client  ID  (8  digit  DPID 
+  8  digit  Client  ID  or  16  digit  beneficiary  ID), 
Name, client master or copy of Consolidated 
Account  statement,  self-attested  scanned 
copy of PAN card, self-attested scanned copy 
of Aadhar Card.
28.  Those Members who have already registered their email 
IDs are requested to keep the same validated with their 
DP/RTA to enable serving of notices/ documents/Annual 
Reports  and  other  communications  electronically  to 
their email ID in future.
29.  VOTING BY MEMBERS:
(a) 
In  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  108 
of  the  Act  read  with  Rule  20  of  the  Companies 
(Management  and  Administration)  Rules,  2014 
(as  amended),  Regulation  44  of  the  SEBI  Listing 
Regulations  (as  amended),  MCA  Circulars  and 
the  SEBI  Circulars,  the  Company  is  providing  its 
Members the facility to exercise their right to vote 
on  resolutions  proposed  to  be  considered  at  the 
AGM by electronic means (by using the electronic 
voting  system  provided  by  NSDL)  either  by  (i) 
remote  e-voting  prior  to  the  AGM  (as  explained 
at  ‘point  no.  (f)’  herein  below  or  (ii)  remote 
e-voting  Notice  during  the  AGM  (as  explained  at  
‘point  no.  (g)’  herein  below  below).  Instructions 
for  Members  for  attending  the  AGM  through  VC/
OAVM are explained in ‘point no. (h)’ herein below.
(b)  A person, whose name is recorded in the Register 
of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners 
maintained by the depositories as on Friday, June 
13, 2025 (‘cut-off date’) shall be entitled to vote in 
respect  of  the  shares  held,  by  availing  the  facility 
of remote e-voting prior to the AGM or remote e- 
voting during the AGM.
(c)  Members  of  the  Company  holding  shares  either 
in physical form or electronic form, as on the cut-
off  date  of  Friday,  June  13,  2025,  may  cast  their 
vote  by  remote  e-Voting.  The  remote  e-Voting 
period  commences  on  Monday,  June  16,  2025  at  
9:00  a.m.  (IST)  and  ends  on  Thursday,  June  19, 
2025  at  5:00)  p.m  (IST).  The  remote  e-Voting 
module  shall  be  disabled  by  NSDL  for  voting 
thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by 
the Member, the Member shall not be allowed to 
change it subsequently.
(d)  The Members can opt for only one mode of remote 
e-voting  i.e.  either  prior  to  the  AGM  or  during 
the  AGM.  The  Members  present  at  the  Meeting 
through VC/OAVM who have not already cast their 
vote by remote e-voting prior to the Meeting shall 
be able to exercise their right to cast their vote by 
remote e-voting during the Meeting. The Members 
who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior 
to the AGM are eligible to attend the Meeting but 
shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
(e)  The  Board  of  Directors  has  appointed  Mr  P  N 
Parikh (Membership No. FCS 327) and failing him; 
Ms  Jigyasa  Ved  (Membership  No.  FCS  6488)  and 
failing her; Mr Mitesh Dhabliwala (Membership No. 
FCS  8331)  of  M/s  Parikh  &  Associates,  Practicing 
to 
Company  Secretaries,  as 
scrutinize the remote e-voting process, in a fair and 
transparent manner.
the  Scrutinizer 
(f)  THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE 
E-VOTING  AND  JOINING  GENERAL  MEETING  ARE 
AS UNDER:
The  remote  e-voting  period  begins  on  Monday, 
June 16, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. and ends on Thursday, 
June  19,  2025  at  5:00  p.m.  The  remote  e-voting 
module  shall  be  disabled  by  NSDL  for  voting 
thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in 
the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on 
the  record  date  (cut-off  date)  i.e.  Friday,  June  13, 
2025 may cast their vote electronically. The voting 
right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their 
share  in  the  paid-up  equity  share  capital  of  the 
Company as on the cut-off date, being Friday, June 
13, 2025.
How  do 
e-Voting system?
I  vote  electronically  using  NSDL 
The  way  to  vote  electronically  on  NSDL  e-Voting 
system  consists  of  “Two  Steps”  which  are 
mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) 
Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode
In  terms  of  SEBI  circular  dated  December  9, 
2020  on  e-Voting  facility  provided  by  Listed 
Companies,  Individual  shareholders  holding 
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through  their  demat  account  maintained 
with  Depositories  and  DPs.  Shareholders  are 
advised  to  update  their  mobile  number  and 
email  Id  in  their  demat  accounts  in  order  to 
access e-Voting facility.
530