28  Income taxes
(a)   Accounting policy
Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the statement of 
Profit  and  Loss  except  when  they  relate  to  items  that  are  recognised  outside  of  profit  and  loss  (whether  in  other 
comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity),  in  which  case  tax  is  also  recognised  outside  profit  and  loss.  Current 
income taxes are determined based on respective taxable income of each taxable entity.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between 
the carrying values of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and unutilised business loss and depreciation 
carry-forwards  and  tax  credits.  Such  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  computed  separately  for  each  taxable 
entity. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable income will be available 
against which the deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses, depreciation carry-forwards and unused tax 
credits could be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset 
to be recovered.
Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  based  on  the  tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  in  the  period 
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there 
is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income 
taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on 
a net basis. The extent to which deferred tax assets can be recognised is based on an assessment of the probability 
that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry-
forwards can be utilised.
Deferred tax liabilities on taxable temporary differences arising from interests in joint operation are not recognised 
if the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the temporary difference will not 
reverse in the foreseeable future.
(b)   The reconciliation of income tax expense calculated as per tax rates applicable to individual 
entities with income tax expense is as follows:
Profit before tax 
Income tax expense at tax rates applicable to individual entities
Undistributed and distributed  earnings of joint operation
Deferred tax assets recognised on business losses (refer note below)
Reversal of deferred tax asset created in previous year due to amendment in calculation 
of capital gains tax
Previously unrecognised tax losses utilised
Impact of statutory tax rate changes
(Reversal)/short of tax provision of earlier years
Others
Income tax expense/(credit) reported in statement of profit and loss 
(₹ in crores)
Year ended 
March 31, 2025
Year ended 
March 31, 2024
 7,352 
 1,850 
 67 
 -   
 403 
 -   
 (333)
 (45)
 (42)
 1,900 
 7,851 
 1,976 
 65 
 (1,249)
 -   
 (960)
 -   
 27 
 90 
 (51)
Note:
During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company recognised Deferred Tax Assets of ₹1,249 crores on previously 
unrecognised business loss based on the probability of sufficient taxable profit in future periods against which such 
business loss would be set off. 
465