criteria  under  Ind  AS  38  are  satisfied,  and  in 
determining the nature of the cost capitalised. 
Refer to note 5 for further information.
(d)  Cost recognition
Costs and expenses are recognised when incurred 
and  are  classified  according  to  their  nature. 
Expenditure  are  capitalized  where  appropriate,  in 
accordance with the policy for internally generated 
intangible  assets  and  represents  employee  costs, 
stores and other manufacturing supplies, and other 
expenses  incurred  for  construction  and  product 
development undertaken by the Company.
Material and other cost of sales as reported in the 
statement  of  profit  and  loss  is  presented  net  of 
the impact of realised foreign exchange relating to 
derivatives hedging cost exposures.
(e)  Segments
The Company primarily operates in the automotive 
business  and  has  a  single  segment  of  commercial 
vehicles. The Company has opted for an exemption 
as per para 4 of Ind AS 108. Segment information is 
thus given in the consolidated financial statements 
of the Company.
(f)  Foreign currency
These financial statements are presented in Indian 
rupees,  which  is  the  functional  currency  of  Tata 
Motors Limited.
Transactions  in  foreign  currencies  are  recorded 
at  the  exchange  rate  prevailing  on  the  date  of 
transaction. 
currency  denominated 
monetary  assets  and  liabilities  are  re-measured 
into  the  functional  currency  at  the  exchange  rate 
prevailing on the balance sheet date.
Foreign 
Exchange  differences  arising  on  settlement  of 
transactions  and  translation  of  monetary  items 
are  recognized  in  the  statement  of  Profit  or  Loss 
except  to  the  extent,  exchange  differences  which 
are  regarded  as  an  adjustment  to  interest  costs 
on foreign currency borrowings, are capitalized as 
part of borrowing costs.
(g)  Going concern
The  Company’s  financial  statements  have  been 
prepared on a going concern basis.
The  Company  has  performed  an  assessment  of 
its  financial  position  as  at  March  31,  2025  and 
forecasts of the Company for a period of eighteen 
months from the date of these financial statements 
439
(the  ‘Going  Concern  Assessment  Period’  and  the 
‘Foreseeable Future’).
In  developing  these  forecasts,  the  Company  has 
modelled  a  base  case,  which  has  been  further 
sensitised  using  severe  but  plausible  downside 
scenarios.  It  also  accounts  for  other  end-market 
and  operational  factors  throughout  the  Going 
Concern Assessment Period. This has been further 
sensitized using more severe but plausible scenarios 
considering  external  market  commentaries  and 
other  factors  impacting  the  global  economy  and 
automotive industry. Management do not consider 
more extreme scenarios than the ones assessed to 
be plausible.
In  evaluating  the  forecasts,  the  Company  has 
taken  into  consideration  both  the  sufficiency  of 
liquidity to meet obligations as they fall due as well 
as  potential  impact  on  compliance  with  financial 
covenants  during  the  forecast  period.  These 
forecasts  indicate  that,  based  on  cash  generated 
from operations, the existing funding facilities and 
inter  corporate  deposits  from  subsidiaries,  the 
Company  will  have  sufficient  liquidity  to  operate 
and  discharge  its  liabilities  as  they  become  due, 
without breaching any relevant covenants and the 
need for any mitigating actions.
Based  on 
the  evaluation  described  above, 
management  believes  that  the  Company  has 
sufficient  financial  resources  available  to  it  at  the 
date of approval of these financial statements and 
that it will be able to continue as a ‘going concern’ 
in  the  foreseeable  future  and  for  a  period  up  to 
September 30, 2026.
(h)  Impairment
At each balance sheet date, the Company assesses 
whether there is any indication that any property, 
plant  and  equipment  and  intangible  assets  with 
finite lives may be impaired. If any such impairment 
exists  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  is 
estimated to determine the extent of impairment, 
if  any.  Where  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the 
recoverable  amount  of  an  individual  asset,  the 
Company estimates the recoverable amount of the 
cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
Intangible  assets  not  yet  available  for  use,  are 
tested  for  impairment  annually  at  each  balance 
sheet date, or earlier, if there is an indication that 
the asset may be impaired.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less 
costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in