The Lakhpati Kisan
In India, agriculture continues to 
remain a significant contributor to 
employment, providing livelihoods 
to its vast population. Majority of 
India still lives in villages and their 
farmlands sustain the country’s 
billion plus population. Pick any 
distressed rural farmer, and 
one would see a common string 
of woes – sole dependence on 
monsoons, subsistence farming, 
forced migration for employment 
and waning interest of the youth 
in agriculture. Chandrakant’s story 
has been no different.
Chandrakant Sonya Andher, a Tribal 
from Shiroshi village in Jawhar, 
Maharashtra, is just a metric pass. 
Traditionally, he cultivated Rabi 
crops on the 2 acres of his 5‑acre 
landholding, while the remaining 
land remained fallow mainly due 
to the lack of sufficient water. 
Practicing rainfed agriculture, his 
produce was limited to subsistence 
needs, with no marketable surplus. 
To support his family during the off‑
season, Chandrakant migrated to cities 
like Nashik, Surat, and Thane for labour 
work, though the income remained 
minimal and insufficient for necessities.
Tata Motors CSR team through its 
Integrated Village Development 
Programme (IVDP) implemented 
multiple interventions and innovative 
techniques at his farm like fruit and 
forestry plantations, fish farming, 
nursery unit, farm Pond, bio‑gas 
unit, drip Irrigation, bamboo poly‑
house, value Crops etc. Many of these 
interventions were through leveraging 
government schemes.
Chandrakant’s crop yields have 
experienced substantial improvements, 
resulting in increased profitability 
and income doubled over the 
years. This progress has had 
a transformative impact on 
Chandrakant’s standard of living, 
enabling him to provide his children 
with quality education and alleviate 
financial constraints. Ability to 
afford medical treatments during 
emergencies, has further enhanced 
the well‑being of his family. The 
positive transformation is also 
evident in the housing situation, 
as Chandrakant has been able to 
construct an additional house on 
his farm, reflecting the improved 
living conditions resulting from his 
farming success. The interventions 
implemented by Chandrakant have 
contributed to his earnings, with 
this year’s turnover making him a 
Lakhpati Kisan.
127