EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
The  Explanatory  Statement  pursuant  to  Section  102  of  the 
Companies  Act,  2013  (‘Act’),  given  hereunder  sets  out  all 
material  facts  relating  to  the  special  business  mentioned 
at  Item  Nos.  5  to  28  of  the  accompanying  Notice  dated  
May 13, 2025.
recommendation  of 
Item No. 5
Based  on 
the  Nomination  and 
Remuneration  Committee  (‘NRC’),  the  Board  appointed 
Mr  Guenter  Karl  Butschek  (DIN:  07427375)  as  an  Additional 
Director  of  the  Company  and  also  an  Independent  Director 
not liable to retire by rotation, for a term of five years, i.e., 
from May 1, 2025 upto April 30, 2030 (both days inclusive), 
subject to approval by the Members.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies 
Act,  2013  (‘the  Act’)  and  Article  132  of  the  Articles  of 
Association of the Company, Mr Butschek shall hold office up 
to the date of this AGM and is eligible to be appointed as a 
Director. The Company has, in terms of Section 160(1) of the 
Act, received in writing a notice from a Member, proposing 
his  candidature  for  the  office  of  Director.  The  profile  and 
specific  areas  of  expertise  of  Mr  Butschek  are  provided  as 
Annexure to this Notice.
Mr Butschek has given his declaration to the Board, inter alia, 
that  (i)  he  meets  the  criteria  of  independence  as  provided 
under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing 
Regulations’) (ii) is not restrained from acting as a Director by 
virtue of any Order passed by SEBI or any such authority (iii) is 
eligible to be appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 
of the Act and (iv) he is not aware of any circumstance which 
exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or 
impact  his  ability  to  discharge  his  duties,  with  an  objective 
independent judgement and without any external influence. 
He has also give his consent to act as a Director.
In  the  opinion  of  the  Board,  Mr  Butschek  is  a  person  of 
integrity,  possesses  relevant  expertise  /  experience  and 
fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing 
Regulations for appointment as an Independent Director and 
he is independent of the Management.
Mr Butschek was the Managing Director of the Company from 
February 15, 2016 to June 30, 2021 (both  days inclusive) as 
well as served as consultant there after upto March 31, 2022
Given his experience, the Board considers it desirable and in 
the interest of the Company to have Mr Butschek on the Board 
of the Company and accordingly the Board recommends the 
appointment of Mr Butschek as an Independent Director as 
proposed in the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the 
accompanying Notice for approval by the Members.
537
Electronic copy of the terms and conditions of appointment 
of  the  Independent  Directors  is  available  for  and  is  also 
available  on  the  website  of  the  Company  at  https://www.
tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/Terms-of-
Appointment-ID.pdf.  Please  refer  to  Note  11  given  in  the 
Notice on inspection of documents.
Except for Mr Butschek and/or his relatives, no other Director, 
Key Managerial Personnel or their respective relatives are, in 
any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in 
the said Resolution.
Item No. 6
Mr  Kosaraju  Veerayya  Chowdary    (DIN:  08485334)  was 
appointed  as  an  Independent  Director  of  the  Company 
pursuant to Section 149 of the Act, read with the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (“the 
Appointment Rules”) at the 76th Annual General Meeting of 
the Company for a period of five years, i.e., from October 27, 
2020 up to October 26, 2025. 
Pursuant  to  the  performance  evaluation  of  Mr  Chowdary 
and considering that his continued association as a Member 
of  the  Board  would  be  beneficial  to  the  Company,  based 
on  recommendation  of  the  Nomination  and  Remuneration 
Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company, subject 
to approval of the Members, had re-appointed Mr Kosaraju 
Veerayya  Chowdary    (DIN:  08485334)  as  an  Independent 
Director,  not  liable  to  retire  by  rotation,  for  the  second 
consecutive  term,  for  a  pried  from  October  27,  2025  upto 
October  10,  2029  (both  days  inclusive)  when  he  attains  the 
retirement age of 75 years, as per the terms of the Governance 
Guidelines  on  Board  Effectiveness  for  Tata  Companies.  Mr 
Chowdary  will  cease  to  be  a  Director  of  the  Company  with 
effect from October 11, 2029.
The  Company  has  in  terms  of  Section  160(1)  of  the  Act, 
received  in  writing  notice  from  a  Member,  proposing  his 
candidature for the office of Director. The profile and specific 
areas of expertise of Mr Chowdary are provided as Annexure 
to this Notice.
Mr  Chowdary  has  given  his  declaration  to  the  Board,  inter 
alia, confirming that (i) he meets the criteria of independence 
as provided under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 
16(1)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(‘SEBI  Listing  Regulations’),  (ii)  is  not  restrained  from  acting 
as  a  Director  by  virtue  of  any  Order  passed  by  SEBI  or  any 
such authority (iii) is eligible to be appointed as a Director in 
terms of Section 164 of the Act and (iv) he is not aware of any 
circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably 
anticipated, that could impair or impact his ability to discharge 
his  duties,  with  an  objective  independent  judgment  and 
without any external influence. He has also given his consent 
in writing to act as a Director in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Rule 
8 of the Appointment Rules.