or  copy  of  Consolidated  Account  statement, 
PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar 
Card)  to  inv_rel@tatamotors.com.  If  you  are 
an  Individual  shareholders  holding  securities 
in demat mode, you are requested to refer to 
the login method explained at Step 1 (A) i.e. 
Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode.
3.  Alternatively shareholder/members may send 
a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing 
above mentioned documents.
4. 
In  terms  of  SEBI  circular  dated  December  9, 
2020  on  e-Voting  facility  provided  by  Listed 
Companies,  Individual  shareholders  holding 
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through  their  demat  account  maintained 
with  Depositories  and  DPs.  Shareholders  are 
required to update their mobile number and 
email  ID  correctly  in  their  demat  account  in 
order to access e-Voting facility.
(g)  THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING 
ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:- 
1. 
The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the 
AGM  is  same  as  the  instructions  mentioned 
above for remote e-voting.
2.  Only those Members/ shareholders, who will 
be  present  in  the  AGM  through  VC/OAVM 
facility and have not casted their vote on the 
Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are 
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be 
eligible  to  vote  through  e-Voting  system  in 
the AGM.
3.  Members  who  have  voted  through  Remote 
e-Voting  will  be  eligible  to  attend  the  AGM. 
However,  they  will  not  be  eligible  to  vote  at 
the AGM.
4. 
The  details  of  the  person  who  may  be 
contacted for any grievances connected with 
the  facility  for  e-Voting  on  the  day  of  the 
AGM shall be the same person mentioned for 
Remote e-voting.
(h) 
INSTRUCTIONS  FOR  MEMBERS  FOR  ATTENDING 
THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER: 
1.  Member  will  be  provided  with  a  facility  to 
attend  the  AGM  through  VC/OAVM  through 
the  NSDL  e-Voting  system.  Members  may 
535
access  by  following  the  steps  mentioned 
above  for  Access  to  NSDL  e-Voting  system. 
After successful login, you can see link of “VC/
OAVM”  placed  under  “Join  meeting”  menu 
against  company  name.  You  are  requested 
to  click  on  VC/OAVM  link  placed  under  Join 
Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be 
available in Shareholder/Member login where 
the  EVEN  of  the  Company,  i.e.,  133755  will 
be  displayed.  Please  note  that  the  members 
who  do  not  have  the  User  ID  and  Password 
for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and 
Password may retrieve the same by following 
the  remote  e-Voting  instructions  mentioned 
in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2.  Members are encouraged to join the Meeting 
through Laptops for better experience.
3. 
4. 
5. 
Further  Members  will  be  required  to  allow 
Camera and use Internet with a good speed to 
avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
Please  note  that  Participants  Connecting 
from  Mobile  Devices  or  Tablets  or  through 
Laptop  connecting  via  Mobile  Hotspot 
may  experience  Audio/Video  loss  due  to 
Fluctuation  in  their  respective  network.  It  is 
therefore  recommended  to  use  Stable  Wi-
Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of 
aforesaid glitches.
like  to  express 
Shareholders  who  would 
their  views/have  questions  may  send  their 
questions  in  advance  mentioning  their  name 
demat  account  number/folio  number,  email 
id,  mobile  number  at  inv_rel@tatamotors.
com  before  5:00  p.m.  (IST)  Monday,  June 
16,  2025.  The  same  will  be  replied  by  the 
company suitably.
6.  Members  who  would  like  to  express  their 
views/  ask  questions  as  a  Speaker  at  the 
AGM may preregister themselves by sending 
a  request  from  their  registered  email  ID 
mentioning their names, DP ID and Client ID/
folio number, PAN and mobile number to inv_
rel@tatamotors.com  between  Monday,  June 
9,  2025  (9:00  a.m.  IST)  and  Friday,  June  13, 
2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). Only those Members who 
have  pre-registered  themselves  as  Speakers 
will  be  allowed  to  express  their  views/ask 
questions  during  the  AGM.  The  Company 
reserves  the  right  to  restrict  the  number  of 
speakers depending on the availability of time 
for the AGM.