Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders
 Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL.
1. 
For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp.  You  will  have  to  enter  your  8-digit  DP  ID,8-digit 
Client  Id,  PAN  No.,  Verification  code  and  generate  OTP.  Enter  the  OTP 
received  on  registered  email  id/mobile  number  and  click  on  login.  After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein  you  can  see  e-Voting  page.  Click  on  company  name  or  e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. 
Existing  IDeAS  user  can  visit  the  e-Services  website  of  NSDL  Viz.  https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the 
e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be 
able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access 
to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and 
you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during  the  remote  e-Voting  period  or  joining  virtual  meeting  &  voting 
during the meeting.
3. 
If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or 
click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
4.  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on 
a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the 
icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit 
demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification 
Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected  to  NSDL  Depository  site  wherein  you  can  see  e-Voting  page. 
Click  on  company  name  or  e-Voting  service  provider  i.e.  NSDL  and  you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the  remote  e-Voting  period  or  joining  virtual  meeting  &  voting  during 
the meeting.
5. 
Shareholders/Members  can  also  download  NSDL  Mobile  App  “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience.
531