Sr. No. Description
5.
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with SASL
Mr  N  Chandrasekaran,  Chairman  and  Non-Executive  Director  of  the 
Company is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JLRA.
Ms  Hanne  Sorensen,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also  a 
Director  on  the  Board  of  JLRL,  JLRA  and  Jaguar  Land  Rover  Holdings 
Limited.
Mr  Al-Noor  Ramji,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also  a 
Director on the Board of JLRA and aguar Land Rover (China) Investment 
Co. Limited.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company is 
also a Director on the Board of JLRA.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited 
only  to  the  extent  of  their  holding  directorship  /  KMP  position  as 
mentioned above in the JLR Group of Companies.
None of the Directors or KMP of the Company is Director / KMP of SASL.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited 
only  to  the  extent  of  their  holding  directorship  /  KMP  position  as 
mentioned above in the JLR Group of Companies.
None of the Directors or KMP of the Company is Director / KMP of SASL.
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
6.
Any other information that may be relevant
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 23 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 23 
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No. 23 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
Item No. 24
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’) with Sertec Auto Structures (UK) Limited (‘SASUKL’), including 
the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 
22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with SASUKL
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise)
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned 
subsidiary  of  the  Company.  JLRA  is  into  the  design,  development, 
manufacture  and  marketing  of  high-performance 
luxury  saloons, 
specialist  sports  cars,  four-wheel  drive  off-road  vehicles  and  related 
components.
JLRL is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL  is  into  the  design,  development,  manufacture  and  marketing  of 
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive 
off-road vehicles and related components.
SASUKL  is  in  the  business  of  design,  manufacture  and  onward  supply 
of  metal  and  aluminium  stampings,  robotics,  welded  assemblies, 
prototyping and tooling services predominantly for use in the automotive 
sector. SASUKL is an associate of JLR Group.
JLRL and SASUKL Limited are Related Parties of the Company, as on the 
date of this Notice.
1.
a.
565