Sr. No. Description
b.
Type,  material  terms,  tenure,  monetary  value  and 
particulars of the proposed RPTs
Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with SASUKL
JLRL and SASUKL have entered into / propose to enter into the following 
RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,400 crore:
Percentage  of 
the  Company’s  annual  consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
Justification for the proposed RPTs
Purchase of goods
Sale of goods
Rendering of services
Availment of Services
• 
• 
• 
• 
0.32%
As  a  part  of  the  Tata  Motors  Group  Strategy,  the  group  companies  of 
the  Company  enter  into  transactions  with  Group  entities  amongst 
themselves to ensure consistent flow of desired quality and quantity of 
facilities and services without interruptions and generation of revenue 
and business enhancement. Sertec Group was a supplier to JLR UK prior 
to becoming a related party and continues to be so after becoming an 
associate of JLR.
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or 
its subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Where  any  financial  indebtedness  is  incurred  to  make 
inter-corporate  deposits,  advances  or 
or  give 
investments:
Not applicable
Not applicable
loans, 
c.
2.
3.
a.
b.
c.
d.
4.
5.
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
Not applicable
Not applicable
The  pricing  mechanism  followed  for  proposed  RPTs  shall  be  based 
on  Arm’s  Length  Principle  applicable  as  per  Jurisdictional  guidelines. 
Valuation  report  and/or  other  external  report,  if  applicable,  would  be 
obtained and relied upon.
Mr  N  Chandrasekaran,  Chairman  and  Non-Executive  Director  of  the 
Company is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JLRA.
Ms  Hanne  Sorensen,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also 
a  Director  on  the  Board  of  JLRL,  JLRA  and  Jaguar  Land  Rover  Holdings 
Limited. 
Mr  Al-Noor  Ramji,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also  a 
Director on the Board of JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment 
Co. Limited. 
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company is 
also a Director on the Board of JLRA. 
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited 
to only to the extent of their holding in directorship / KMP position as 
mentioned above in the JLR Group of Companies. 
None  of  the  Directors  or  KMPs  of  the  Company  is  Director/KMP  of 
SASKUL.
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
6.
Any other information that may be relevant
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 24 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 24 
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No. 24 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
566