Aadhar – Deep commitment to inclusivity 
Tata Motors adopted its ethos in letter and in spirit. Reaffirming its commitment 
to inclusive growth, Tata Motors launched Aadhar – a structured framework 
designed to uplift individuals from Scheduled Castes (SC), Scheduled Tribes (ST), 
women, and persons with disabilities (PWD). 
Affirmative Action addresses 
social inequalities with a strategic 
focus on five key areas: Education, 
Employability, Essential Enablers, 
are driven through CSR, while 
business drives Employment 
and Entrepreneurship. 
In FY25, Tata Motors positively 
impacted 1.4 million individuals from 
underserved communities, with 56% 
belonging to the SC/ST communities. 
The Company CSR has committed 
40% of its community engagement 
resources to drive impact through 
Affirmative Action initiatives.
The Integrated Village Development 
Programme (IVDP), the flagship 
AA programme of Tata Motors, has 
emerged as a catalyst for holistic 
transformation in rural communities, 
leading to significant improvements 
in overall well‑being. Rooted in a 
strategic vision, the program addresses 
a broad range of developmental 
challenges — spanning livelihood, 
income generation, health, water 
management, sanitation, and 
governance — through strong 
alignment with government schemes 
and proactive engagement with local 
stakeholders. Piloted in one tribal block 
in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, 
IVDP has now  been replicated across 
four states, including the tribal hamlets 
around Sanand and Pune. In FY25, 
around ~11 crore of convergence was 
achieved via various Govt schemes, 
around 20% increase in annual income 
of villagers via various sustained 
livelihood generation activities which 
resulted in 30% reduction in migration 
in search of alternate employment.
Employment initiatives
Tata Motors proactively supports 
employment opportunities for youth 
from SC/ST communities through tools 
of positive discrimination. 
Through initiatives like Kaushalya, 
our employment‑linked skilling 
programme, we continue to enhance 
employability and create sustainable 
livelihoods for SC/ST, nomadic tribe 
communities, and women. Under 
Project Samavesh, Tata Motors began 
onboarding transgender individuals 
through service providers. In the first 
phase, 17 transgender employees 
joined across various functions, 
strengthening our commitment to 
workplace diversity. Similarly, cohort 
of 141 specially‑abled individuals were 
on‑boarded at Pune, Jamshedpur, 
Lucknow and Dharwad.
Promoting entrepreneurship
With an objective to encourage 
entrepreneurship in AA communities, 
the Company focusses on on‑boarding 
AA vendors in the value chain, 
upskilling them to enhance their share 
of business pie, and enabling creation 
of jobs through indirect employment. 
The Purchase and Supply Quality team 
introduced a Positive Description 
Policy and engaged with AA vendors 
through various platforms which 
led to enhancing business worth 
I150 crore in FY25, against I75 crore 
worth business that was  awarded 
in FY24. 
Tata Motors affirmative action efforts 
were recognised at the Tata Group 
level and was awarded the highest 
performing TAAP (Tata Affirmative 
Action Programme) Jury Award for 
FY25 by the Group Chairman. 
The holistic engagement with rural communities under IVDP project has expanded from one gram panchayat in one district to four states 
126