Through our structured volunteering programs, employees participated in initiatives such as tree plantation, health 
and  environment  awareness  campaigns,  and  community  mentoring.  These  engagements  foster  social  cohesion, 
strengthen communities, and amplify our collective impact.
In FY25, 14,393 employees contributed 1,60,723 volunteering hours through various CSR-related activities.
2. 
Composition of CSR Committee:
Sr 
No.
1
2
Name of Directors
Designation/ (Nature of Directorship)
Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary 
Chairman, Non-Executive, Independent Director
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt
Member, Non-Executive, Independent Director
3. Mr Girish Wagh
Member, Executive Director
Number of meetings of CSR Committee 
during the year
Held
Attended
4
4
4
4
4
4
3.  Web-links of Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on 
the website of the Company at:
o 
o 
Composition of CSR Committee https://www.tatamotors.com/organisation/our-leadership/
CSR Policy:  https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/csr-policy.pdf; https://www.
tatamotors.com/corporate-responsibility/governance/
o 
CSR Projects: https://www.tatamotors.com/corporate-responsibility/working-with-communities/
4. 
The executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of 
sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable: Not applicable.
5. 
(a)  Average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): ₹(462.57) crore
(b)  Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): Not applicable.
(c)  Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: Not applicable.
(d)  Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: Not Applicable.
(e)  Total CSR obligation for the financial year (5b+5c+5d): Nil
Due to losses sustained in earlier years, the Company was not legally obligated under Section 135 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 to allocate funds for the corporate social responsibility initiatives. Nevertheless, in line with the Company’s 
commitment to the community and its desire to sustain and nurture certain social causes, the Company voluntarily 
spent ₹26.31 crore on CSR activities in alignment with its established CSR Policy.
6. 
(a)  Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Projects and other than Ongoing Projects): ₹25.87 crore 
(b)  Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: ₹0.44 crore
(c)  Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not applicable
(d)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year [6(a)+6(b)+6(c)]: ₹26.31 crore
(e)  CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year: 
Total Amount
Spent for the 
Financial Year
26.31
Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR 
Account as per Section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as per 
second proviso to Section 135(5)
Amount
Date of transfer
Name of the Fund
Amount
Date of transfer
Not Applicable
 Amount Unspent
 (₹ in crore)
168