feature  was  not  enabled  in  respect  of 
direct create action at the database level.
• 
its  payroll  records,  the 
feature  of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility was 
not enabled for the period from 1 April 
2024 to 21 March 2025.
Further, where audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled 
and operated, we did not come across any instance of 
the audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, 
except  where  the  audit  trail  (edit  log)  facility  was  not 
enabled  in  the  previous  year,  the  audit  trail  has  been 
preserved  by  the  Company  and  its  joint  operation 
company  (including  its  subsidiary  company)  as  per  the 
statutory  requirements  for  record  retention,  except 
for  the  accounting  software  used  for  preparation  of 
financial  statements  where  the  audit  trail  has  not 
been preserved.
C.  With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor’s 
Report under Section 197(16) of the Act:
In  our  opinion  and  according  to  the  information  and 
explanations  given  to  us  the  remuneration  paid  by 
the  Company  to  its  directors  during  the  current  year 
is  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  197  of 
the  Act.  The  remuneration  paid  to  any  director  by  the 
Company  is  not  in  excess  of  the  limit  laid  down  under 
Section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
has not prescribed other details under Section 197(16) 
of  the  Act  which  are  required  to  be  commented  upon 
by us.
Further,  with  respect  to  the  joint  operation  company 
(including  its  subsidiary  company)  included  in  the 
standalone  financial  statements,  in  our  opinion  and 
according  to  the  information  and  explanations  given 
to  us,  the  provisions  of  Section  197  of  the  Act  are  not 
applicable to the joint operation company (including its 
subsidiary company) incorporated in India since it is not 
a public company.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Vijay Mathur
Partner
Membership No.: 046476
ICAI UDIN:25046476BMOWLY1411
Place: Mumbai
Date: 13 May 2025
f. 
As  stated  in  Note  21(B)(g)  to  the  standalone 
financial statements, the Board of Directors of the 
Company has proposed final dividend for the year 
which  is  subject  to  the  approval  of  the  members 
at  the  ensuing  Annual  General  Meeting.  The 
dividend  declared  is  in  accordance  with  Section 
123 of the Act to the extent it applies to declaration 
of dividend.
The interim dividend declared and paid by the joint 
operation company during the year is in accordance 
with Section 123 of the Act.
Based  on  our  examination  which  included  test 
checks, except for the instances mentioned below, 
the  Company  and  its  joint  operation  company 
(including 
its  subsidiary  company)  have  used 
accounting  softwares  for  maintaining  its  books 
of  account  which,  along  with  privilege  access 
management  tool,  wherever  applicable,  have  a 
feature  of  recording  audit  trail  (edit  log)  facility 
and  the  same  has  operated  throughout  the  year 
for  all  relevant  transactions  recorded 
in  the 
respective softwares:
i. 
ii. 
In  respect  of  the  Company,  the  feature  of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility was not 
enabled at the database level to log any direct 
data  changes  for  the  accounting  software 
used  for  maintaining  price  master,  variable 
marketing  expenses  and  time  records  for 
product development cost.
In respect of the Company, in the absence of 
coverage of audit trail (edit log) with respect 
to database level in the independent auditor’s 
report  in  relation  to  controls  at  the  service 
organization for accounting software used for 
preparation  of  financial  statements,  which 
is  operated  by  third  party  software  service 
provider, we are unable to comment whether 
the  audit  trail  feature  of  the  database 
level  of  the  said  software  was  enabled  and 
operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software.
iii. 
In  respect  of  the  joint  operation  company 
(including  its  subsidiary  company),  for  the 
accounting software used for maintaining:
the 
ledger, 
feature  of 
its  general 
recording  audit  trail  (edit  log)  facility 
was  not  enabled  from  1  April  2024  to 
29 January 2025. Further, the audit trail 
• 
423