17.  Members  are  requested  to 
intimate  changes, 
if 
any,  pertaining  to  their  name,  postal  address,  email 
address,  telephone/mobile  numbers,  PAN,  mandates, 
nomination,  power  of  attorney,  bank  details,  bank 
account number, MICR code, IFSC, etc.:
(a)  For shares held in electronic form: to their DPs.
(b)  Shares held in physical form: The following details/
documents  should  be  sent  to  the  Company’s  RTA 
latest by Tuesday, June 3, 2025.
(i) 
Form ISR-1 along with supporting documents. 
The said form is available on the website of the 
Company  at  https://www.tatamotors.com/
newsroom/investor-contacts/  and  on  the 
website  of  the  RTA  at  https://web.in.mpms.
mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html
(ii)  Cancelled  cheque  in  original,  bearing  the 
name  of  the  Member  or  first  holder,  in  case 
shares are held jointly.
(iii)  Bank attested legible copy of the first page of 
the  Bank  Passbook/Bank  Statement  bearing 
the  names  of  the  account  holders,  address, 
same  bank  account  number  and  type  as 
on  the  cheque  leaf  and  full  address  of  the 
bank branch.
(iv)  Self-attested  copy  of  the  PAN  Card  of  all  the 
holders; and
(v)  Self-attested  copy  of  any  document  (such 
as  Aadhaar  Card,  Driving  License,  Election 
Identity Card,  Passport)  in  support  of  the 
address of the first holder as registered with 
the Company.
To  mitigate  unintended  challenges  on  account  of 
freezing of folios, SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/
MIRSD/POD-1/P/  CIR/2023/181  dated  November 
17,  2023,  has  done  away  with  the  provision 
regarding  freezing  of  folios  not  having  PAN,  KYC, 
and Nomination details.
Further, Members are requested to refer to process 
detailed  on  https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-
downloads.html and proceed accordingly. 
Shares  held  in  electronic  form:  Members  holding 
shares in electronic form may please note that their 
bank details as furnished by the respective DPs to 
the Company will be considered for remittance of 
dividend  as  per  the  applicable  regulations  of  the 
DPs  and  the  Company  will  not  be  able  to  accede 
to  any  direct  request  from  such  Members  for 
change/addition/  deletion  in  such  bank  details. 
Accordingly, Members holding shares in electronic 
form are requested to ensure that their Electronic 
Bank Mandate is updated with their respective DPs 
by Tuesday, June 3, 2025.
18.  Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 
dated 
January  25,  2022  has  mandated  the  listed  companies 
to  issue  securities  in  dematerialized  form  only  while 
processing  service  requests  viz.  Issue  of  duplicate 
securities  certificate;  claim  from  unclaimed  suspense 
account;  renewal/  exchange  of  securities  certificate; 
endorsement; 
securities 
certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/folios; 
transmission  and  transposition.  Accordingly,  Members 
are requested to make service requests by submitting a 
duly filled and signed Form ISR-4, the format of which is 
available on the Company’s website at www.tatamotors.
com  and  on  the  website  of  the  Company’s  RTA’s  at 
https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html. It 
may be noted that any service request can be processed 
only after the folio is KYC Compliant.
sub-division/splitting  of 
19.  SEBI  vide  its  notification  dated  January  24,  2022  has 
amended Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
and  has  mandated  that  all  requests  for  transfer  of 
securities 
including  transmission  and  transposition 
requests  shall  be  processed  only  in  dematerialised 
form.  In  view  of  the  same  and  to  eliminate  all  risks 
associated  with  physical  shares  and  avail  various 
benefits  of  dematerialization,  Members  are  advised  to 
dematerialize the shares held by them in physical form. 
Members  can  contact  the  Company  or  the  Company’s 
RTA, for assistance in this regard.
20.  SEBI  HAS  MANDATED  SUBMISSION  OF  PAN  BY 
EVERY  PARTICIPANT  IN  THE  SECURITIES  MARKET. 
MEMBERS  HOLDING  SHARES  IN  ELECTRONIC  FORM 
ARE,  THEREFORE,  REQUESTED  TO  SUBMIT  THEIR 
PAN  DETAILS  TO  THEIR  DEPOSITORY  PARTICIPANTS. 
MEMBERS  HOLDING  SHARES  IN  PHYSICAL  FORM  ARE 
REQUESTED  TO  SUBMIT  THEIR  PAN  DETAILS  TO  THE 
COMPANY’S RTA.
21.  Members  holding  shares  in  physical  form,  in  identical 
order  of  names,  in  more  than  one  folio  are  requested 
to  send  to  the  Company’s  RTA,  the  details  of  such 
folios  together  with  the  share  certificates  along  with 
the  requisite  KYC  documents  for  consolidating  their 
holdings in one folio. Requests for consolidation of share 
certificates shall be processed in dematerialized form.
22.  As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act and SEBI 
Circular,  the  facility  for  making  nomination  is  available 
for the Members in respect of the shares held by them. 
Members who have not yet registered their nomination 
are requested to register the same by submitting Form 
528