In its financing business, the Company enters into transactions with customers which primarily result 
in receivables at fixed rates. In order to manage this risk, the Company has a policy to match funding 
in terms of maturities and interest rates and also for certain part of the portfolio, the Company does 
not match funding with maturities, in order to take advantage of market opportunities.
The Company also enters into arrangements of securitization of receivables in order to reduce the 
impact of interest rate movements. Further, Company also enters into interest rate swap contracts 
with banks to manage its interest rate risk.
As at March 31, 2025 and 2024 financial liabilities of ₹ 14,992  crores and ₹ 42,719  crores respectively, 
were subject to variable interest rates. Increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates at the 
balance sheet date would result in an impact (decrease/increase of profit before tax) of ₹ 150  crores 
and ₹ 427 crores on income for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
 The  model  assumes  that  interest  rate  changes  are  instantaneous  parallel  shifts  in  the  yield  curve. 
Although some assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to re-pricing, these may 
not react correspondingly to changes in market interest rates. Also, the interest rates on some types of 
assets and liabilities may fluctuate with changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other 
types of assets may change with a lag.
The risk estimates provided assume a parallel shift of 100 basis points interest rate across all yield 
curves. This calculation also assumes that the change occurs at the balance sheet date and has been 
calculated  based  on  risk  exposures  outstanding  as  at  that  date.  The  period  end  balances  are  not 
necessarily representative of the average debt outstanding during the period.
This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant.
The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to hedge some of its exposure to interest rate 
arising from variable rate foreign currency denominated debt. The Company also uses cross currency 
interest rate swaps to convert some of its foreign currency denominated fixed rate debt to floating 
rate debt.
(c)  Equity price risk:
Equity Price Risk is related to the change in market reference price of the investments in equity securities.
The fair  value of  some of  the Company’s  investments  in  equity securities  exposes  the Company to 
equity price risks. In general, these securities are not held for trading purposes. These investments are 
subject to changes in the market price of securities.
The fair value of some of the Company’s investment in quoted equity securities measured at FVOCI as 
of March 31, 2025 and 2024, was ₹ 848  crores and ₹ 961  crores, respectively. A 10% change in prices 
of these securities held as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, would result in a pre-tax impact of ₹ 85  crores 
and ₹ 96  crores on equity, respectively.
(ii)  Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from counter-party failure to repay or service debt according to 
the contractual terms or obligations. Credit risk encompasses both the direct risk of default and the risk of 
deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration risks.
Financial instruments that are subject to concentrations of credit risk, principally consist of investments in 
debt instruments, trade receivables, finance receivables, loans and derivative financial instruments. The 
Company strives to promptly identify and reduce concerns about collection due to a deterioration in the 
financial conditions and others of its main counterparties by regularly monitoring their situation based on 
their financial condition.
None of the financial instruments of the Company result in material concentrations of credit risks.
396