(vi)  Other  Regulations  applicable  specifically 
to 
the 
1) 
Company namely:
(a)  The  Motor  Vehicle  Act,  1988  and  the  Rules 
made thereunder
We have also examined compliance with the applicable 
clauses of the following:
(i) 
Secretarial  Standards  issued  by  The  Institute  of 
Company Secretaries of India with respect to board 
and general meetings.
During  the  period  under  review,  the  Company  has 
complied with the provisions of the Act, rules, regulations, 
guidelines, standards, etc. mentioned above.
We further report that:
The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  is  duly  constituted 
with  proper  balance  of  Executive  Directors,  Non-Executive 
Directors  and  Independent  Directors.  The  changes  in  the 
composition  of  the  Board  of  Directors  that  took  place 
during  the  period  under  review  were  in  compliance  of  the 
applicable provisions.
Adequate  notice  was  given  to  all  directors  to  schedule  the 
Board Meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were 
sent at least seven days in advance other than those held at 
shorter notice, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining 
further  information  and  clarifications  on  the  agenda  items 
before  the  meeting  and  for  meaningful  participation  at 
the meeting.
As per the minutes, decisions at Board Meetings were taken 
unanimously/requisite majority.
We further report that there are systems and processes in the 
Company commensurate with the size and operations of the 
Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period the Company 
had  following  events  which  had  bearing  on  the  Company’s 
affairs  in  pursuance  of  the  above  referred  laws,  rules, 
regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.
The  Board  at  its  meeting  held  on  August  1,  2024 
approved  the  Composite  Scheme  of  Arrangement 
(“Scheme”) amongst Tata Motors Limited (“Tata Motors” 
or “Demerged Company” or “Amalgamated Company”), 
TML  Commercial  Vehicles  Limited 
(“TMLCV”  or 
“Resulting Company”), Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles 
Limited/the  Company 
(“TMPV”  or  “Amalgamating 
Company”)  and  their  respective  shareholders,  under 
Sections  230-232  and  other  applicable  provisions  of 
the  Companies  Act,  2013  (“the  Act”)  and  the  Scheme 
provides for, inter alia, the following:
a. 
b. 
demerger,  transfer  and  vesting  of  the  Demerged 
Undertaking,  comprising  of 
the  Commercial 
Vehicles  Business,  from  the  Demerged  Company 
into  the  Resulting  Company  on  a  going  concern 
basis, and issue of shares by the Resulting Company 
to the shareholders of the Demerged Company, in 
accordance with Share Entitlement Ratio;
amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with 
the  Amalgamated  Company  with  an  objective  of 
consolidating  the  Passenger  Vehicles  Business 
with  the  Amalgamated  Company  and  consequent 
dissolution of the Amalgamating Company without 
being wound up;
The Scheme is subject to approvals from National Company 
Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) and other authorities.
For Parikh & Associates 
Company Secretaries
Jeenal Jain 
Partner 
FCS No.: 13280 
CP No.: 21246 
UDIN: F01328G000251496
PR No.: 6556/2025
Date: May 2, 2025
Place: Mumbai 
This  Report  is  to  be  read  with  our  letter  of  even  date  which 
is  annexed  as  Annexure  A  and  Forms  an  integral  part  of 
this report.
180