(iv)  Impairment of financial assets:
The Company recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on a financial asset that is at amortised 
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. Expected credit losses are forward looking and are 
measured in a way that is unbiased and represents a probability-weighted amount, takes into account the time 
value  of  money  (values  are  discounted  using  the  applicable  effective  interest  rate)  and  uses  reasonable  and 
supportable information.
(v)  Hedge accounting
The  Company  uses  foreign  currency  forward  contracts,  foreign  currency  options,  cross  currency  swaps  and 
borrowings  denominated  in  foreign  currency  to  hedge  its  risks  associated  with  foreign  currency  fluctuations 
relating  to  highly  probable  forecast  transactions.  The  Company  designates  these  forward  contracts,  foreign 
currency options, cross currency swaps and borrowings denominated in foreign currency in a cash flow hedging 
relationship by applying the hedge accounting principles. The Company also uses cross-currency interest rate 
swaps to hedge its variability in cash flows from interest payments arising from floating rate liabilities i.e. when 
interests are paid according to benchmark market interest rates. Hedging accounting is applied using both fair 
value and cash flow hedging relationships. The designated risks are foreign currency and interest rate risks.
The  Company  uses  non-deliverable  commodity  forward  contracts  to  hedge  risks  associated  with  commodity 
price fluctuations for highly probable forecast transactions. The Company designates these contracts in cash 
flow hedging relationships.
Derivatives are initially measured at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair 
value, and changes therein are generally recognised in profit or loss.
At inception of the hedge relationship, the Company documents the economic relationship between the hedging 
instrument and the hedged item, including whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging instrument are 
expected to offset changes in the cash flows of the hedged item. The Company documents its risk management 
objective and strategy for undertaking its hedging transactions. The Company designates only the intrinsic value 
of foreign exchange options in the hedging relationship. The Company designates amounts excluding foreign 
currency basis spread in the hedging relationship for both foreign exchange forward contracts and cross- currency 
interest  rate  swaps.  The  Company  designates  only  the  pure  price  component  of  commodities  in  commodity 
forward  contracts.  Changes  in  the  fair  value  of  the  derivative  contracts  that  are  designated  and  effective  as 
hedges of future cash flows are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within other comprehensive income 
(net  of  tax),  and  any  ineffective  portion  is  recognised  immediately  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit 
and loss.
Amounts  accumulated  in  equity  are  reclassified  to  the  consolidated  statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  or  Balance 
Sheet in the periods in which the forecasted transactions occurs.
For forwards and options, forward premium and the time value are not considered part of the hedge. These are 
treated as cost of hedge and the changes in fair value attributable to forward premium is recognised in the other 
comprehensive income along with the changes in fair value determined to be effective portion of the hedge.
Effective portion of fair value changes of interest rate swaps that are designated as hedges against interest rate 
risk arising from floating rate debt are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or 
no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to the consolidated 
statement  of  profit  and  loss  in  the  periods  in  which  the  forecast  transactions  affect  profit  or  loss  or  as  an 
adjustment to a non-financial item (e.g. inventory) when that item is recognised on the balance sheet. These 
deferred amounts are ultimately recognised in profit or loss as the hedged item affects profit or loss (for example 
through cost of goods sold).
If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in equity 
including deferred costs of hedging is immediately transferred to the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss 
for the year.
387