Item No. 21
Details of the proposed RPTs of Tata Motors Passenger Vechicles Limted (‘TMPVL’) with TM Automotive Seating Systems Private 
Limited (‘TM Automotive’) including the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI 
Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/
CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
1.
a.
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs:
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern or 
interest (financial or otherwise)
Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TM Automotive
TM  Automotive  a  joint  venture  of  Tata  AutoComp  Systems  Limited 
(‘TACO’),  associate  of  the  Company.  TM  Automotive  was  incorporated 
in  March  2015  and  is  a  50:50  joint  venture  company  between  TACO 
and  Magna Seating of America. TM Automotive seating system is into 
designing and manufacturing of seating systems for passenger cars, SUV 
and commercial vehicles. TM Seating have manufacturing footprints in 
Pune, Maharashtra and Dharwad, Karnataka.
TMPVL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and undertakes its 
passenger vehicles business as a separate entity w.e.f. January 1, 2022
TMPVL and TM Automotive are Related Parties of the Company, as on 
the date of this Notice.
TMPVL and TM Automotive have entered into / propose to enter into 
the  following  RPTs  during  FY26,  for  an  aggregate  value  not  exceeding 
₹1,200 crore:
Purchase of goods
Sale of goods
Rendering of services
Availment of services
Asset purchase/sale
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
0.27%
This  is  a  strategic  alliance  for  sourcing  part  and  components  for  its 
vehicles  basis  detailed  negotiations  resulting  in  overall  Tata  Motors 
Group synergy and sustainability in the long run.
b.
Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and particulars 
of the proposed RPTs
Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover, 
is 
for  the 
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
Justification for the proposed RPTs
immediately  preceding  financial  year,  that 
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its 
subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or give 
loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments:
Not applicable
Not applicable
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation or 
other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed entity 
in relation to the proposed transaction will be made available 
through registered email address of the shareholder.
Not applicable
Not applicable
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on 
the  past  practices  adopting  Arm’s  Length  Principle  substantiated  with 
report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the 
electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to 
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of 
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria 
based  on  the  market  price  or  alternative  pricing  method  of  relevant 
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as 
may  be  applicable,  shall  be  obtained  by  the  parties  concerned.  In  the 
case  of  reimbursements  /  recoveries,  same  would  be  based  on  actual 
cost incurred
560
c.
2.
3.
a.