x. 
xi. 
Review the financial statements and investments made 
by subsidiary companies and subsidiary oversight relating 
to areas such as adequacy of the internal audit structure 
and  function  of  the  subsidiaries,  their  status  of  audit 
plan and its execution, key internal audit observations, 
risk management and the control environment.
Look into reasons for any substantial defaults in payment 
to  the  depositors,  debenture  holders,  shareholders 
(in  case  of  non-payment  of  declared  dividend)  and 
creditors, if any.
xii.  Review  the  effectiveness  of  the  system  for  monitoring 
compliance with laws and regulations.
xiii.  Approve  the  appointment  of  CFO  after  assessing 
the  qualification,  experience  and  background  etc.  of 
the candidate.
xiv.  To  approve  and  review  policies  in  relation  to  the 
implementation  of  the  Prevention  of  Insider  Trading 
Code  to  note  the  dealings  by  Designated  Persons  in 
securities of the Company and to provide directions on 
any penal action to be initiated, in case of any violation 
of the said Code.
xv.  Note  and  take  on  record  the  status  reports,  detailing 
the  dealings  by  designated  persons  in  listed  securities 
of the Company, as submitted by our compliance officer 
on  a  quarterly  basis  and  to  provide  directions  on  any 
penalties for any violations of the Insider Trading Code.
xvi.  Perform  other  activities  related  to  the  Audit  charter 
as  requested  by  the  Board  from  time  to  time,  as  well 
as,  all  other  activities  as  mandated  to  be  conducted 
by  the  Audit  Committee,  as  per  the  applicable 
regulatory requirements.
As  on  date  of  this  Report,  the  Committee  comprises  of  
7  Members,  all  being  IDs,  who  are  financially  literate  and 
have relevant finance and/or audit exposure. The quorum of 
the Committee is two members or one-third of its members, 
whichever is higher.
The Chairperson of the Audit Committee was present at the 
last  AGM  of  the  Company.  During  the  period  under  review, 
7  Audit  Committee  Meetings  were  held  on  May  9,  2024,  
June  4,  2024,  July  31,  2024  which  was  adjourned  and 
reconvened  on  August  1,  2024,  November  7,  2024,  
January  28,  2025,  February  12,  2025  which  was  adjourned 
and reconvened on February 13, 2025 and March 25, 2025. 
The requisite quorum was present for all the Meetings.
The  composition  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  attendance 
of  its  Members  at  the  Meetings  held  during  their  tenure  is 
as follows:
Name of the Member
Category
Ms  Vedika 
(Chairperson)
Bhandarkar 
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt
Ms Hanne Sorensen
Kosaraju 
Mr 
Chowdary
Veerayya 
Mr Al-Noor Ramji
Mrs Usha Sangwan 
Mr Bharat Puri (1)
ID
ID
ID
ID
ID
ID
ID
No. of Meetings 
held during 
tenure
7
No. of 
Meetings 
attended
7
7
7
7
7
7
4
7
7
7
6
7
4
(1)  Appointed  as  a  member  of  the  Audit  Committee  with  effect  from  
August 1, 2024. 
The  Committee  meetings  are  held  at  the  Company’s 
Corporate Office or at its plant locations and are attended by 
the ED, Group CFO, Senior Management, Company Secretary,  
Head  -  Internal  Audit,  Statutory  Auditors  and  Cost  Auditors 
on  a  need  based  basis.  The  Business  and  Operation 
Heads  are  invited  to  the  meetings,  as  and  when  required.  
The  Head  -  Internal  Audit  reports  directly  to  the  Audit 
Committee  to  ensure  independence  of  the  Internal  Audit 
function.  The  Members  of  the  Audit  Committee  meet  the 
Statutory  Auditors  before  the  quarterly  financial  results 
meetings. The ED during the year was permanent invitee to 
Audit Committee Meetings.
The Committee relies on the expertise and knowledge of the 
Management,  the  Chief  Internal  Auditor  and  the  Statutory 
Auditors, in carrying out its oversight responsibilities. It also 
uses  external  expertise,  if  required.  The  Management  is 
responsible for the preparation, presentation and integrity of 
the  Company’s  financial  statements,  including  consolidated 
statements,  accounting  and  financial  reporting  principles. 
Further,  they  are  also  responsible  for  internal  control  over 
financial reporting and all procedures are designed to ensure 
compliance  with  accounting  standards,  applicable  laws  and 
regulations as well as for objectively reviewing and evaluating 
the  adequacy,  effectiveness  and  quality  of  the  Company’s 
system of internal controls.
B  S  R  &  Co.  LLP,  Chartered  Accountants  (ICAI  Firm 
Registration  No.  101248  W/W  –  100022),  the  Company’s 
Statutory  Auditors,  appointed  by  the  Shareholders  of  the 
Company at the 77th AGM held on July 4, 2022, for a second 
consecutive term of 5 years, is responsible for performing an 
269