Community resilience
Rural development*
Water Project*
Convergence Model leverages government schemes
Empower communities and local institutions
Support administration for community mobilisation 
and capacity building
Integrated rural development programme
First launched in Palghar in 2018, Tata Motors has expanded the Integrated 
Village Development Programme across geographies. Amongst the early 
beneficiaries, farmers like Chandrakant Andher from Jawhar is one among the 
many Lakhpati farmers who have benefitted through multiple interventions 
and leveraged government schemes to enhance their quality of life.
Similarly, CSR team at Pune, under its IVDP at Ambegaon, has implemented a 
solar irrigation on 30‑32 acres of farmland. Farmers who were first to adopt are 
seeing their expenses decline and reporting almost double the income from 
I60,000 to I1,60,000.
Taking a decisive stride, Tata Motors is replicating the IVDP 
programme in Shravasti (UP), ranked lowest amongst socio‑economic 
development indicators. 
Sumant Moolgaokar Development Foundation – 
Access to safe drinking water
Rejuvenation of water bodies
Leveraging government schemes
Improving water security and accessibility
Tata Motors partnered with the Government of Maharashtra 
to rejuvenate and restore 356 water bodies in water stressed 
regions across 10 districts. Leveraging the government’s 
water security scheme, the initiative enhanced the water 
capacity by 700 crore litres and benefitted 7,000 farmers.
Tata Motors through its National Drinking Water Programme 
named ‘Amrutdhara’, through Sumant Moolgaokar 
Development Foundation, is committed to provide ‘water 
security’ to the citizens residing in water stressed hamlets 
of our country. Started in 2010, Amrutdhara builds wells, 
water reservoirs, helps recharge ground water and revive 
old water management systems. Till date, the programme 
has impacted over 4 lakh communities (mostly tribal 
communities) across more than 1,000 villages in India.
122
356
700 crore
Water bodies rejuvenated 
litres 
*4.35 L beneficiaries benefitting from both programmes