Report on Corporate Governance
COMPANY’S  PHILOSOPHY  ON  CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE
As a Tata Company, the Company’s philosophy on Corporate 
Governance  is  founded  upon  a  rich  legacy  of  fair,  ethical 
and  transparent  governance  practices,  many  of  which  were 
in  place  even  before  they  were  mandated  by  adopting  the 
highest  standards  of  professionalism,  honesty,  integrity 
and ethical behaviour. The Company follows the philosophy 
of  building  sustainable  businesses  that  are  rooted  in  the 
community  and  demonstrates  care  for  the  environment.  
As a global organisation, the Corporate Governance practices 
followed by the Company and its subsidiaries are compatible 
with international standards and best practices. Through the 
Governance  mechanism  in  the  Company,  the  Board  along 
with its Committees undertakes its fiduciary responsibilities 
to all its stakeholders by ensuring transparency, fair play and 
independence in its decision making.
its  employees, 
The Company has adopted the Tata Code of Conduct (‘TCoC’) 
for 
including  the  Whole-time  Directors 
(‘WTDs’),  which  encompasses  an  appropriate  mechanism 
to  report  any  concern  pertaining  to  non-adherence  to  the 
said  Code.  In  addition,  the  Company  has  adopted  a  Code 
of  Conduct  for  its  Non-Executive  Directors  (‘NEDs’)  which 
includes  a  Code  of  Conduct  for  Independent  Directors 
(‘IDs’), as specified under Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 
2013  (‘the  Act’)  and  Regulation  26(3)  of  the  Securities  and 
Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’). 
Pursuant to Regulation 26(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
all members of the Senior Management have confirmed that 
there are no material, financial and commercial transactions 
wherein  they  have  a  personal  interest  that  may  have  a 
potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large. 
Pursuant to Regulation 26(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
all the Board Members and Senior Management Personnel of 
the Company as on March 31, 2025 have affirmed compliance 
with  their  respective  Codes  of  Conduct.  A  Declaration  to 
this  effect,  duly  signed  by  the  Executive  Director  (‘ED’)  is 
reproduced at the end of this Report.
is 
The  Corporate  Governance  mechanism 
further 
strengthened with adherence to the Tata Business Excellence 
Model,  as  a  means  to  drive  excellence  and  the  Balanced 
Scorecard  methodology,  for  tracking  progress  on  long-term 
strategic  objectives  and  the  adoption  of  the  Tata  Code  of 
Conduct  for  Prevention  of  Insider  Trading  and  the  Code  of 
Corporate Disclosure Practices (‘Prevention of Insider Trading 
Code’),  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  Regulations  8  and  9 
under  the  SEBI  (Prohibition  of  Insider  Trading)  Regulations, 
2015.  The  Company  has  also  adopted  the  Governance 
Guidelines on Board Effectiveness based on the best practices 
from both within and outside the Tata Group of Companies. 
The  Company  is  in  full  compliance  with  the  requirements 
of  Corporate  Governance  norms  under  the  SEBI  Listing 
Regulations.  Risk  management  and  the  internal  control 
process are focus areas that continue to meet the progressive 
governance  standards.  The  Company  has 
instated  a 
comprehensive, robust, IT-enabled compliance management 
system for tracking, managing and reporting on compliances 
with  all  laws  and  regulations  applicable  to  the  Company.  
The  Management  on  a  quarterly  basis  presents  before 
the  Board  of  Directors  a  status  report  on  adherence  to  the 
regulatory compliances, as applicable to the Company.
the  shareholders, 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The  Board  of  Directors  (‘the  Board’)  is  the  apex  body, 
constituted  by 
the 
Company’s  overall  functioning.  The  Board  provides  strategic 
direction, leadership and guidance to the Management as also 
monitors the performance of the Company with the objective 
of creating long-term value for the various stakeholders and 
the Company.
for  overseeing 
During the year under review, the composition of the Board 
was  in  conformity  with  Regulation  17  of  the  SEBI  Listing 
Regulations  read  together  with  Section  149  and  152  of  the 
Act and rules framed thereunder. As on March 31, 2025, the 
Board consisted of nine Directors, out of which eight Directors 
(88.89%)  were  NEDs.  The  Company  has  a  Non-Executive 
Chairman  and  seven  Independent  Directors  (‘IDs’),  including 
three Women IDs. All IDs have confirmed in accordance with 
Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations that they meet 
the  independence  criteria  as  mentioned  under  Regulation 
16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 149 of the 
Act  and  the  Rules  framed  thereunder.  The  IDs  have  further 
stated that they are unaware of any circumstance or situation, 
which  exists  or  may  be  reasonably  anticipated,  that  could 
impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an 
objective  independent  judgement  and  without  any  external 
influence.  The  Company  has  received  confirmation  from 
all  the  existing  IDs  of  their  registration  on  the  Independent 
Directors Database maintained by the Institute of Corporate 
Affairs  pursuant  to  Rule  6  of  the  Companies  (Appointment 
and  Qualification  of  Directors)  Rules,  2014.  Based  on  the 
disclosures  received  from  all  the  IDs  and  as  determined  at 
the Board Meeting held on May 13, 2025, the Board is of the 
opinion that the IDs fulfill the conditions of Independence as 
specified in the Act, the SEBI Listing Regulations and that they 
are independent of the Management.
None of the Directors on the Board hold the office of Director 
in  more  than  20  companies,  including  10  public  companies, 
as  disclosed  under  Section  184  of  the  Act  read  with  Rules 
framed thereunder and none of the Directors of the Company 
are  related  to  each  other.  None  of  the  IDs  serve  as  IDs  in 
more  than  seven  listed  entities.  Furthermore,  none  of  the 
WTDs of the Company serve as IDs in more than three listed 
entities. In accordance with Regulation 26 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, none of the Directors are members in more than 
264