Summary  of  the  work  we  performed  as  the  basis  for 
our opinion
We  exercised  professional 
judgment  and  maintained 
professional  skepticism  throughout  the  engagement.  We 
designed and performed our procedures to obtain evidence 
that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our 
reasonable assurance opinion.
The  nature,  timing,  and  extent  of  the  procedures  selected 
depended on our judgement, including an assessment of the 
risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  information  covered 
by reasonable assurance, whether due to fraud or error. We 
identified  and  assessed  the  risks  of  material  misstatement 
through  understanding 
Information  covered  by 
the 
reasonable  assurance  and  the  engagement  circumstances. 
We  also  obtained  an  understanding  of  the  internal  control 
relevant to the information covered by reasonable assurance 
in  order  to  design  procedures  that  are  appropriate  in  the 
circumstances  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an 
opinion on the effectiveness of internal controls. In carrying 
out our engagement, we:
• 
• 
assessed  the  suitability  of  the  criteria  used  by  the 
Company  in  preparing  the  information  covered  by 
reasonable assurance; 
evaluated  the  appropriateness  of  reporting  policies, 
in  the 
quantification  methods  and  models  used 
preparation  of  the  information  covered  by  reasonable 
assurance and the reasonableness of estimates made by 
the Company; and 
• 
evaluated  the  overall  presentation  of  the  information 
covered by reasonable assurance.
Exclusions
Our assurance scope excludes the following and therefore we 
do not express an opinion on the same:
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Any form of review of the commercial merits, technical 
feasibility,  accuracy,  compliance  with  applicable 
legislation  for  the  project.  We  are  also  not  required 
to  verify  any  of  the  judgements  and  commercial  risks 
associated  with  the  project,  nor  comment  upon  the 
possibility of the financial projections being achieved.
The  Company’s  statements  that  describe  the  strategy, 
progress  on  goals  (other  than  those  listed  under  the 
scope of assurance), expression of opinion, claims, belief, 
aspiration, expectation, aim to future intention provided 
by  the  Company,  and  assertions  related  to  Intellectual 
Property Rights and other competitive issues.
The  statements  that  describe  expression  of  opinion, 
belief, aspiration, expectation, aim, or future intentions 
provided by the Company.
Operations of the Company other than those mentioned 
in the “Scope of Assurance”.
Aspects  of 
the  BRSR  and 
(qualitative or quantitative) other than the ISI.
the  data/information 
Data  and  information  outside  the  defined  reporting 
period i.e., from 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025.
Shivananda Shetty
Partner
KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP
Date: 14 May 2025
Place: Gurugram
240