Sr. No. Description
c.
d.
4.
5.
terms, 
tenure, 
including 
Applicable 
covenants, 
interest 
rate  and  repayment  schedule, 
whether secured or unsecured; 
if secured, the nature of security
The  purpose  for  which  the 
funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate  beneficiary  of  such 
funds pursuant to the RPT
length  pricing  and  a 
Arm’s 
statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external 
report, 
if  any,  relied  upon  by  the 
listed  entity  in  relation  to  the 
transaction  will 
proposed 
be  made  available 
through 
registered email address of the 
shareholder.
Name  of  the  Director  or  Key 
Managerial  Personnel  (‘KMP’) 
who  is  related,  if  any  and  the 
nature of their relationship
Details of proposed RPTs of identified subsidiaries of the Company viz., TMPVL and TPEML with FIAPL
TMPVL
Not Applicable
TPEML
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the past practices adopting 
Arm’s  Length  Principle  substantiated  with  report  of  reputed  external  agencies  obtained  by  the 
Company and the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to Note 11 
given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of other RPTs, the pricing mechanism 
would be as per Arm’s Length criteria based on the market price or alternative pricing method of 
relevant materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable, 
shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would 
be basis actual cost incurred.
Mrs  Usha  Sangwan,  Independent  Director  of  the 
Company  is  also  an  Independent  Director  on  the 
Board of TMPVL. 
Ms Vedika Bhandarkar, Independent Director 
of  the  Company  is  also  an  Independent 
Director on the Board of TPEML. 
Mr  P  B  Balaji,  Group  Chief  Financial  Officer  and 
KMP  of  the  Company  is  the  Chairman  and  a  Non-
Executive Director on the Board of TMPVL.
Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director of 
the Company is also an Independent Director 
on the Board of TPEML. 
Mr Shailesh Chandra, Managing Director, TMPVL & 
TPEML is a Non-Executive Director on the Board of 
FIAPL.
Mr Dhiman Gupta, Non-Executive Director of TMPVL 
is also a Non Executive Director of FIAPL. 
Their interest or concern or that of their respective 
relatives, is limited only to the extent of their holding 
directorship / KMP position in TMPVL and FIAPL
Mr  P  B  Balaji,  Group  Chief  Financial  Officer 
and  KMP  of  the  Company  is  the  Chairman 
and  a  Non-Executive  Director  on  the  Board 
of TPEML.
Mr  Shailesh  Chandra,  Managing  Director, 
TMPVL & TPEML is a Non-Executive Director 
on the Board of FIAPL.
Mr Dhiman Gupta, Chief Financial Officer and 
KMP of TPEML is a Non-Executive Director of 
FIAPL. 
Their  interest  or  concern  or  that  of  their 
respective  relatives,  is  limited  only  to  the 
extent  of  their  holding  directorship  /  KMP 
position in TPEML and FIAPL
6.
Any other information that may 
be relevant
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement  setting  out  material  facts, 
pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 16 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 16 of the 
Notice convening this AGM, for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No. 16 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction(s) or not.
552