Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TCPL
4.
Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation or 
other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed entity 
in relation to the proposed transaction will be made available 
through registered email address of the shareholder.
The pricing mechanism  followed for recurring transactions  is based on 
the  past  practices  adopting  Arm’s  Length  Principle  substantiated  with 
report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the 
electronic  copy  of  the  same  is  available  for  inspection.  Please  refer  to 
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of 
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria 
based  on  the  market  price  or  alternative  pricing  method  of  relevant 
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as 
may  be  applicable,  shall  be  obtained  by  the  parties  concerned.  In  the 
case  of  reimbursements  /  recoveries,  same  would  be  basis  actual  cost 
incurred.
5.
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
Mr Girish Wagh, Executive Director and KMP of the Company is also a 
Director on the Board of TCPL.
6.
Any other information that may be relevant
His interest or concern or that of his relatives, is limited only to the extent 
of his holding directorship / KMP position in the Company and TCPL.
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 10 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 10 of the 
Notice convening this AGM, for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No. 10 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction(s) or not.
Item No. 11
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company with Tata Advanced Systems Limited (‘TASL’), including the information required 
to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated  
July  11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
1.
a.
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern or 
interest (financial or otherwise)
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TASL
TASL  is  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  Tata  Sons  Private  Limited,  the 
Promoter of the Company. The Company sells the basic chassis to TASL 
for further application building on the chassis. TASL is into Land Mobility 
Business  to  serve  the  Defence  Sector  of  India  and  any  other  Country. 
TASL  is  headquartered  in  Hyderabad,  India.  TASL  has  manufacturing 
unit  and  offices  located  at  Hyderabad,  Mumbai,  Pune,  Jamshedpur, 
Bangalore, Nagpur and Delhi.
b.
Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and particulars 
of the proposed RPTs
c.
Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover, 
for  the 
is 
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
immediately  preceding  financial  year,  that 
 TASL is a Related Party of the Company, as on the date of this Notice.
The  Company  and  TASL  have  entered  into  /  propose  to  enter  into  the 
following RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,300 
crore:
Sale of goods (Chassis & spares)
Rendering of engineering and non-engineering services
Sale of services
Purchase of goods / services
Rent Received
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
0.30%
541