Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about 
whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditor’s  report  that  includes  our 
opinion.  Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic 
decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  consolidated 
financial statements.
As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SAs,  we  exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement 
of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  whether  due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence 
that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis 
for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material 
misstatement  resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or 
the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)
(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the company has adequate internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements 
in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies 
used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates 
and related disclosures made by the Management and 
Board of Directors.
Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  the  Management 
and  Board  of  Directors  use  of  the  going  concern  basis 
of  accounting  in  preparation  of  consolidated  financial 
statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, 
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or  conditions  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the 
appropriateness  of  this  assumption.  If  we  conclude 
that  a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to 
draw  attention  in  our  auditor’s  report  to  the  related 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if 
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our  conclusions  are  based  on  the  audit  evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, 
future events or conditions may cause the Group and its 
associates  and  joint  ventures  and  joint  operations  to 
cease to continue as a going concern. 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the 
disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial 
statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding 
the  financial  statements/financial  information  of  such 
entities  or  business  activities  within  the  Group  and 
its  associates  and  joint  ventures  and  joint  operations 
to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial 
statements.  We  are  responsible  for  the  direction, 
supervision and performance of the audit of the financial 
statements/financial 
information  of  such  entities 
included 
in  the  consolidated  financial  statements 
of  which  we  are  the  independent  auditors.  For  the 
other  entities  included  in  the  consolidated  financial 
statements, which have been audited by other auditors, 
such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, 
supervision  and  performance  of  the  audits  carried  out 
by  them.  We  remain  solely  responsible  for  our  audit 
opinion.  Our  responsibilities  in  this  regard  are  further 
described  in  paragraph  (a)  of  the  section  titled  “Other 
Matters” in this audit report.
We  communicate  with  those  charged  with  governance  of 
the  Holding  Company  and  such  other  entities  included  in 
the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  which  we  are  the 
independent  auditors  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the 
planned  scope  and  timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit 
findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in  internal 
control that we identify during our audit.
We  also  provide  those  charged  with  governance  with  a 
statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may 
reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From  the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with 
governance,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of 
most  significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor’s 
report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 
we  determine  that  a  matter  should  not  be  communicated 
in  our  report  because  the  adverse  consequences  of  doing 
so  would  reasonably  be  expected  to  outweigh  the  public 
interest benefits of such communication.
298