Contributions to the plans by the Jaguar Land Rover subsidiaries take into consideration the results of actuarial 
valuations. The plans with a surplus position at the year-end have been limited to the maximum economic benefit 
available from unconditional rights to refund from the scheme or reduction in future contributions. Where the 
subsidiary group is considered to have a contractual obligation to fund the pension plan above the accounting 
value of the liabilities, an onerous obligation is recognised. A separate defined contribution plan is available to 
employees of Jaguar Land Rover. Costs in respect of this plan are charged to the consolidated statement of profit 
and loss as incurred.
 Gratuity
Tata  Motors  Limited  and  its  subsidiaries  and  joint  operations  in  India  have  an  obligation  towards  gratuity,  a 
defined  benefit  retirement  plan  covering  eligible  employees.  The  plan  provides  for  a  lump  sum  payment  to 
vested employees at retirement, death while in employment or on termination of employment of an amount 
equivalent to 15 to 30 days salary payable for each completed year of service. Vesting occurs upon completion 
of five years of service. Tata Motors Limited and such subsidiaries make annual contributions to gratuity funds 
established as trusts or insurance companies. Tata Motors Limited and its subsidiaries in India account for the 
liability for gratuity benefits payable in the future based on an actuarial valuation.
Bhavishya Kalyan Yojana (BKY)
Bhavishya Kalyan Yojana is an unfunded defined benefit plan for employees of Tata Motors Limited and some 
of its subsidiaries. The benefits of the plan include pension in certain cases, payable up to the date of normal 
superannuation had the employee been in service, to an eligible employee at the time of death or permanent 
disablement, while in  service, either as  a  result  of  an  injury or as  certified  by the appropriate authority.  The 
monthly payment to dependents of the deceased/disabled employee under the plan equals 50% of the salary 
drawn at the time of death or accident or a specified amount, whichever is greater. Tata Motors Limited and 
these subsidiaries account for the liability for BKY benefits payable in the future based on an actuarial valuation.
Provident fund and family pension
In  accordance  with  Indian  law,  eligible  employees  of  Tata  Motors  Limited,  it’s  Indian  subsidiaries  and  joint 
operations are entitled to receive benefits in respect of provident fund, a defined contribution plan, in which 
both  employees  and  the  Company  make  monthly  contributions  at  a  specified  percentage  of  the  covered 
employees’  salary  (currently  12%  of  employees’  salary).  The  contributions,  as  specified  under  the  law,  were 
made to the provident fund and pension fund set up as an irrevocable trust or to respective Regional Provident 
Fund Commissioner and the Central Provident Fund under the State Pension scheme. The interest rate, payable 
to the members of the trust, was not to be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central 
Government under the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and shortfall, if any, 
was made good by the Company. The embedded interest rate guarantee is considered to be defined benefit.
Severance indemnity
Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Limited (formerly known as Tata Daewoo Commercial Vehicle Company Limited), 
or  TDMCL,  a  subsidiary  company  incorporated  in  Korea;  has  an  obligation  towards  severance  indemnity,  a 
defined benefit retirement plan, covering eligible employees. The plan provides for a lump sum payment to all 
employees with more than one year of employment equivalent to 30 days’ salary payable for each completed 
year of service.
Post-retirement medicare scheme
Under this unfunded scheme, employees of Tata Motors Limited and some of its subsidiaries receive medical 
benefits  subject  to  certain  limits  on  amounts  of  benefits,  periods  after  retirement  and  types  of  benefits, 
depending on their grade and location at the time of retirement. Employees separated from the Company as part 
of an Early Separation Scheme, on medical grounds or due to permanent disablement are also covered under 
the scheme. Tata Motors Limited account for liability for post-retirement medical scheme based on actuarial 
valuation. The scheme is applicable to employees existing as at December 31, 2023.
Tata Motors Limited and such subsidiaries account for the liability for post-retirement medical scheme based on 
an actuarial valuation.
367