Item No. 25
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’)  with Artifex Interior Systems Limited (‘Artifex’), including the 
information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11.2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, 
are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
1.
a.
Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with Artifex
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise)
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned 
subsidiary  of  the  Company.  JLRA  is  into  the  design,  development, 
luxury  saloons, 
manufacture  and  marketing  of  high-performance 
specialist  sports  cars,  four-wheel  drive  off-road  vehicles  and  related 
components.
JLRL is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL  is  into  the  design,  development,  manufacture  and  marketing  of 
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive 
off-road vehicles and related components.
Artifex is primarily involved in manufacturing and supplying innovative 
interior components for the automotive industry, with a focus on luxury 
and high-end vehicles. Artifex is a subsidiary of Tata Autocomp Systems 
Limited, which is a subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited, the promoter 
of the Company.
JLRL and Artifex are Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of 
this Notice.
JLRL and Artifex have entered into / propose to enter into the following 
RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹4,500 crore:
Sale of Goods
Rendering of services
Purchase of goods
Purchase of services
• 
• 
• 
• 
1.02%
As  a  part  of  the  Tata  Motors  Group  Strategy,  the  group  companies  of 
the  Company  enter  into  transactions  with  Group  entities  amongst 
themselves  which  not  only  help  smoothen  business  operations  of 
the  companies,  inter-se,  but  also  ensures  consistent  flow  of  desired 
quality and quantity of facilities and services without interruptions and 
generation of revenue and business enhancement.
Type,  material  terms,  tenure,  monetary  value  and 
particulars of the proposed RPTs
Percentage  of 
the  Company’s  annual  consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
Justification for the proposed RPTs
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or 
its subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Where  any  financial  indebtedness  is  incurred  to  make 
or  give 
inter-corporate  deposits,  advances  or 
investments:
Not applicable
Not applicable
loans, 
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Not applicable
Not applicable
b.
c.
2.
3.
a.