Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements
1.  As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of 
India in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in 
the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2   A.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on 
our audit and on the consideration of reports of the 
other  auditors  on  separate/consolidated  financial 
statements  of  such  subsidiaries,  associates,  joint 
ventures  and  joint  operations  as  were  audited  by 
other  auditors,  as  noted  in  the  “Other  Matters” 
paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, that:
a.  We  have  sought  and  obtained  all  the 
information  and  explanations  which 
to 
the  best  of  our  knowledge  and  belief  were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit of the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements.
b. 
In  our  opinion,  proper  books  of  account  as 
required by law relating to preparation of the 
aforesaid  consolidated  financial  statements 
have been kept so far as it appears from our 
examination  of  those  books  and  the  reports 
of the other auditors, except :
• 
• 
• 
for  the  matter  stated  in  paragraph  2(B)
(f)  below  on  reporting  under  Rule  11(g) 
of  the  Companies  (Audit  and  Auditors 
Rules), 2014,
in  case  of  one  subsidiary  company,  the 
back-up of the Accounting software used 
for  maintaining  general  ledger  which 
forms part of the books of account and 
other  relevant  books  and  papers 
in 
electronic  mode  has  not  been  kept  on 
servers  physically  located  in  India  on  a 
daily basis,
in  case  of  one  step-down  subsidiary 
company,  we  are  unable  to  comment 
whether  the  back-up  of  the  accounting 
software which forms part of the books 
of account and other relevant books and 
papers in electronic mode has been kept 
on  servers  physically  located  in  India 
on a daily basis from 1 April 2024 to 31 
July 2024.
c. 
consolidated  balance 
The 
the 
consolidated  statement  of  profit  and  loss 
income), 
(including  other  comprehensive 
sheet, 
the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in 
equity  and  the  consolidated  statement  of 
cash  flows  dealt  with  by  this  Report  are  in 
agreement with the relevant books of account 
maintained for the purpose of preparation of 
the consolidated financial statements .
d. 
In  our  opinion,  the  aforesaid  consolidated 
financial  statements  comply  with  the  Ind  AS 
specified  under  Section  133  of  the  Act  read 
with  the  overriding  effect  of  the  Scheme 
approved  by  the  NCLT  as  described 
in 
Emphasis of Matter paragraph above.
e.  On  the  basis  of  the  written  representations 
received  from  the  directors  of  the  Holding 
Company as on 1 April 2025 and 10 April 2025 
taken on record by the Board of Directors of 
the Holding Company and the reports of the 
statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies, 
step-down  subsidiary  companies,  associate 
companies, joint venture companies and joint 
operation  companies  incorporated  in  India, 
none of the directors of the Group companies, 
its  associate  companies, 
joint  venture 
companies  and  joint  operation  companies 
incorporated  in  India  is  disqualified  as  on 
31  March  2025  from  being  appointed  as  a 
director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
f. 
the modification relating to the maintenance 
of  accounts  and  other  matters  connected 
therewith are as stated in the paragraph 2A(B) 
above  on  reporting  under  Section  143(3)
(b)  of  the  Act  and  paragraph  2B(f)  below  on 
reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
g.  With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial  controls  with  reference  to  financial 
statements  of  the  Holding  Company, 
its 
subsidiary  companies,  associate  companies, 
joint  venture  companies  and  joint  operation 
companies (including its subsidiary company) 
incorporated 
India  and  the  operating 
effectiveness  of  such  controls,  refer  to  our 
separate Report in “Annexure B”.
in 
B.  With  respect  to  the  other  matters  to  be  included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, 
in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us and 
based  on  the  consideration  of  the  reports  of  the 
other auditors on separate/ consolidated financial 
statements  of  the  subsidiaries,  associates,  joint 
300