R&D and innovation
In FY25, our India business received 68 patents and 148 design applications, 
while Jaguar Land Rover secured 440 patents and 290 design applications. 
To achieve world‑renowned levels of luxury, safety, vehicle dynamics and 
quality, we blend rigorous real‑world testing with a range of virtual tests at 
both component and complete test vehicle levels. Our cutting‑edge R&D 
facilities consistently pioneer innovative mobility solutions, developing a 
range of alternative fuel technologies, from battery‑electric to CNG, LNG, 
Hydrogen Fuel Cell and hydrogen‑based ICE technologies.
Technology 
and product 
development with a 
sustainability focus
TML is accelerating its commitment 
to sustainable mobility by focusing on 
the electrification of heavy vehicles 
and the adoption of alternative fuel 
technologies. The Company has 
actively integrated natural gas and 
biofuel solutions across its product 
range to reduce carbon emissions. 
In addition to pure battery‑electric 
vehicles, TML is making significant 
progress in Hydrogen powered fuel‑
cell electric technology, with fifteen 
buses already operating in Delhi 
as part of a tender fulfilment from 
Indian Oil Corporation. A substantial 
portion of investment is also being 
directed towards Hydrogen Internal 
Combustion Engine (ICE) technology, 
with dedicated facilities for ensuring 
cutting‑edge advancements in 
hydrogen‑powered mobility.
CV
PV
Country’s first 
hydrogen truck
Industry-leading 
innovation 
in powertrains
Under the aegis of the Ministry of 
New and Renewable Energy and in 
collaboration with strategic partners, 
TML has taken a significant step in 
assessing the commercial viability of 
using the country’s first hydrogen‑
powered vehicles for long‑distance 
haulage as well as setting up the 
requisite enabling infrastructure for 
their seamless operation. The trial 
phase spanning up to two years, 
involves the development and 
deployment of sixteen advanced 
hydrogen‑powered vehicles with 
varying configurations and payload 
capacities. These vehicles, equipped 
with new‑age Hydrogen Internal 
Combustion Engines (H2‑ICE) and 
Fuel Cell (H2‑FCEV) technologies, 
will be evaluated on India’s most 
prominent freight routes, including 
those around Mumbai, Pune, Delhi‑
NCR, Surat, Vadodara, Jamshedpur and 
Kalinganagar. 
Pushing the boundaries of innovation 
in the powertrain capabilities, TML 
indigenously developed the Gasoline 
Direct Injection (GDI) engine, named 
Hyperion. Introduced on the Curvv, 
the Hyperion GDI combines high 
performance, improved fuel efficiency 
and refined drivability — offering 
customers a more enjoyable and 
powerful driving experience. Further 
transforming the CNG segment, 
TML launched the first‑in‑industry 
turbocharged CNG engine on the 
Nexon CNG. This breakthrough brings 
together the lower running costs of 
CNG with the performance of a turbo 
engine, addressing a long‑standing 
customer need for power in a CNG 
car without compromise. These 
innovations reflect TML’s commitment 
to delivering advanced, practical 
solutions that enhance everyday 
mobility for Indian consumers.
60