The assumptions used in accounting for the Severance indemnity plan is set out below:
Discount rate
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees
As at 
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
2.7%
3.2%
3.4%
3.0%
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the defined benefit obligation in the 
event of a decrease/increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate, salary escalation rate:
Assumption
Discount rate
Salary escalation rate
Change in assumption
Impact on scheme liabilities
Impact on service cost and  
interest cost
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1% 
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1% 
 Decrease by ₹ 41 crores 
 Decrease by ₹ 11 crores 
 Increase by ₹ 46 crores 
 Increase by ₹ 12 crores 
 Increase by ₹ 46 crores 
 Increase by ₹ 13 crores 
 Decrease by ₹ 41 crores 
 Decrease by ₹ 11 crores 
Severance indemnity plans asset allocation by category is as follows:
Deposit with banks
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
100%
100%
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation as at March 31, 2025 is 9.2 years (2024 : 10 years)
The Company expects to contribute ₹ 11 crores to the funded severance indemnity plans in the year ending March 
31, 2026.
Jaguar Land Rover Pension plan
Jaguar Land Rover Ltd  UK, have pension arrangements providing employees with defined benefits related to pay and 
service as set out in the rules of each fund.
The UK defined benefit schemes are administered by a separate fund that is legally separated from the Company. 
The  trustees  of  the  pension  schemes  are  required  by  law  to  act  in  the  interest  of  the  fund  and  of  all  relevant 
stakeholders in the scheme, is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets of the schemes and 
all other governance matters. The board of trustees must be composed of representatives of the Company and plan 
participants in accordance with the plan’s regulations.
Through its defined benefit pension plans the Company is exposed to a number of risks, the most significant of which 
are detailed below :
Asset volatility
The plan liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with references to corporate bond yields; if plan assets 
under  perform  compared  to  the  corporate  bonds  discount  rate,  this  will  create  or  increase  a  deficit.  The  defined 
benefit plans hold a significant proportion of equity type assets, which are expected to outperform corporate bonds 
in the long-term while providing volatility and risk in the short-term.
As the plans mature, the Company intends to reduce the level of investment risk by investing more in assets that 
better match the liabilities.
However,  the  Company  believes  that  due  to  the  long-term  nature  of  the  plan  liabilities  and  the  strength  of  the 
supporting group, a level of continuing equity type investments is an appropriate element of the Company’s long 
term strategy to manage the plans efficiently.
Changes in bond yields
A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase plan liabilities, although this is expected to be partially offset by an 
increase in the value of the plans’ bond holdings and interest rate hedging instruments.
375