d) 
e) 
f) 
they  have  laid  down  internal  financial  controls  to  be 
followed  by  the  Company  and  such  internal  financial 
controls are adequate and operating effectively; and
they  have  prepared  the  annual  accounts  on  a  going 
concern basis;
they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance 
with  the  provisions  of  all  applicable  laws  and  such 
systems are adequate and operating effectively.
Please refer to the paragraph on Internal Control Systems and 
their  Adequacy  in  the  Management  Discussion  and  Analysis 
report for detailed analysis.
SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
The  Company  has  devised  proper  systems  to  ensure 
compliance  with  the  provisions  of  all  applicable  Secretarial 
Standards  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Company  Secretaries 
India  and  that  such  systems  are  adequate  and 
of 
operating effectively.
INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION 
FUND
Refer  Corporate  Governance  Report  para  on 
‘Transfer 
of  unclaimed  /  unpaid  amounts  /  shares  to  the  Investor 
Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)’ for details on transfer of 
unclaimed/unpaid  amount/shares  to  Investor  Education  and 
Protection Fund (IEPF)’.
GENERAL
Your  Directors  state  that  no  disclosure  or  reporting  is 
required in respect of the following matters as there were no 
transactions on these items during the year under review:
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
There  are  no  significant  material  orders  passed  by  the 
Regulators  or  Courts  or  Tribunal,  which  would  impact 
the going concern status of the Company and its future 
operation. However, Members attention is drawn to the 
Statement  on  Contingent  Liabilities  and  Commitments 
in the Notes forming part of the Financial Statement.
No fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the Audit 
Committee or the Board.
There has been no change in the nature of business of 
the Company.
There  is  no  proceedings  pending  under  the  Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
There was no instance of one-time settlement with any 
Bank or Financial Institution
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
The  Directors  wish  to  convey  their  appreciation  to  all  the 
employees  of  the  Company  for  their  contribution  towards 
the  Company’s  performance.  The  Directors  would  also  like 
to thank the members, employee unions, customers, dealers, 
suppliers,  bankers,  governments  and  all  other  business 
associates for their continuous support to the Company and 
their confidence in its management.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
Mumbai, May 13, 2025
N Chandrasekaran
Chairman
(DIN: 00121863)
164