Sr. No Description
Details of proposed RPTs JLRL with TTEL
2
Justification for the proposed RPTs
TTEL  provides  product  engineering  and  design  solutions  providing 
engineering  and  design  solutions  to  manufacturers  in  the  automotive, 
aerospace,  and  general  manufacturing  industries.  Engineering  and 
Design  services  provide  outsourced  engineering  services  for  TTEL 
manufacturing  customers  to  help  them  conceive,  design,  develop 
and  realize  better  products  and  Digital  Enterprise  Solutions  help 
manufacturing  customers  identify  and  deploy  emerging  technologies, 
tools and solutions to manufacture, service and realize better products. 
The aforementioned transactions will not only help both the companies 
to smoothen business operations but will also ensure a consistent flow 
of  desired  quality  and  quantity  of  various  facilities  for  uninterrupted 
operations  and  an  increase  in  productivity.  This  in  turn  will  contribute 
towards Tata Motors Group synergy and sustainability.
3
a.
b.
c.
d.
4
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its 
subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Not Applicable
Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or give 
loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments:
Not Applicable
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
Not Applicable
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Not Applicable
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on 
the  past  practices  adopting  Arm’s  Length  Principle  substantiated  with 
report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the 
electronic  copy  of  the  same  is  available  for  inspection.  Please  refer  to 
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of 
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria 
based  on  the  market  price  or  alternative  pricing  method  of  relevant 
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as 
may  be  applicable,  shall  be  obtained  by  the  parties  concerned.  In  the 
case  of  reimbursements  /  recoveries,  same  would  be  basis  actual  cost 
incurred.
5
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
Mr  N  Chandrasekaran,  Chairman  and  Non-Executive  Director  of  the 
Company is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JLRA.
6
Any other information that may be relevant
Ms  Hanne  Sorensen,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also 
a  Director  on  the  Board  of  JLRL,  JLRA  and  Jaguar  Land  Rover  Holdings 
Limited. 
Mr  Al-Noor  Ramji,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also  a 
Director on the Board of JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment 
Co. Limited. Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the 
Company is also a Director on the Board of JLRA.
None of the Directors or KMPs of the Company is Director/KMP of TTEL.
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 14 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 14 
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No. 14 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
547