decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  standalone 
financial statements.
As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SAs,  we  exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
 
 
 
 
 
Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement 
of  the  standalone  financial  statements,  whether  due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence 
that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis 
for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material 
misstatement  resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or 
the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)
(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the company has adequate internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements 
in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies 
used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates 
and related disclosures made by the Management and 
Board of Directors.
Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  the  Management 
and  Board  of  Directors  use  of  the  going  concern  basis 
of  accounting  in  preparation  of  standalone  financial 
statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, 
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or  conditions  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the 
Company’s  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If 
we  conclude  that  a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we 
are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor’s  report 
to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  standalone  financial 
statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to 
modify  our  opinion.  Our  conclusions  are  based  on  the 
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of  the  standalone  financial  statements,  including  the 
disclosures,  and  whether  the  standalone  financial 
statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the 
Company and such other entities included in the standalone 
financial  statements  of  which  we  are  the  independent 
auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
421
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We  also  provide  those  charged  with  governance  with  a 
statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may 
reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From  the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law 
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a 
matter  should  not  be  communicated  in  our  report  because 
the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably 
be  expected  to  outweigh  the  public  interest  benefits  of 
such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements
1.  As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of 
India in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in 
the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2 A.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
a.  We  have  sought  and  obtained  all  the  information 
and  explanations  which  to  the  best  of  our 
knowledge  and  belief  were  necessary  for  the 
purposes of our audit.
b. 
c. 
In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by  law  have  been  kept  by  the  Company  so  far  as 
it  appears  from  our  examination  of  those  books 
except  for  the  matters  stated  in  the  paragraph 
2(B)(f) below on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
The  standalone  balance  sheet,  the  standalone 
statement  of  profit  and 
loss  (including  other 
comprehensive income), the standalone statement 
of changes in equity and the standalone statement 
of  cash  flows  dealt  with  by  this  Report  are  in 
agreement with the books of account.
d. 
In  our  opinion,  the  aforesaid  standalone  financial 
statements comply with the Ind AS specified under 
Section 133 of the Act.