Advances received from customers
Deferred income
Current
Current
Non-current
(₹ in crores)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
 805 
 515 
 826 
 2,146 
 934 
 441 
 793 
 2,168 
Performance obligations in respect of amount received in respect of future maintenance service and extended warranty 
will be fulfilled over a period of six years from year ending March 31, 2026 till March 31, 2031.
(b)  Government incentives includes ₹208 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹186 crores as at March 31, 2024) grants relating 
to property, plant and equipment related to duty saved on import of capital goods and spares under the Exports 
Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) scheme. Under such scheme, the Company is committed to export prescribed times 
of the duty saved on import of capital goods over a specified period of time. In case such commitments are not met, 
the Company would be required to pay the duty saved along with interest to the regulatory authorities.
31  Revenue recognition
(a)  Accounting policy
The Company generates revenue principally from-
i)   Sale of products - commercial vehicles and vehicle parts.
The Company recognises revenues from sale of products measured at the amount of transaction price (net of 
variable consideration), when it satisfies its performance obligation at a point in time which is when products 
are delivered to dealers or when delivered to a carrier for export sales, which is when control including risks 
and rewards and title of ownership pass to the customer, collectability of the resulting receivables is reasonably 
assured and when there are no longer any unfulfilled obligation. The transaction price of goods sold is net of 
variable  consideration  on  account  of  various  discounts  and  schemes  offered  by  the  Company  as  part  of  the 
contract. The Company operates predominantly on cash and carry basis.
The  Company  offers  sales  incentives  in  the  form  of  variable  marketing  expense  to  customers,  which  vary 
depending on the timing and customer of any subsequent sale of the vehicle. This sales incentive is accounted for 
as a revenue reduction and is constrained to a level that is highly probable not to reverse the amount of revenue 
recognised  when  any  associated  uncertainty  is  subsequently  resolved.  The  Company  estimates  the  expected 
sales incentive by market and considers uncertainties including competitor pricing, ageing of retailer stock and 
local market conditions.
The consideration received in respect of transport arrangements for delivering of vehicles to the customers are 
recognised net of their costs within revenues in the income statement.
ii)  Sale of services - maintenance service and extended warranties for commercial vehicles.
Income from sale of maintenance services and extended warranties are recognised as income over the relevant 
period of service or extended warranty.
When the Company sells products that are bundled with maintenance service or extended period of warranty, 
such services are treated as a separate performance obligation only if the service or warranty is in excess of the 
standard offerings to the customer. In such cases, the transaction price allocated towards such maintenance 
service or extended period of warranty based on relative standalone selling price and is recognised as a contract 
liability  until  the  service  obligation  has  been  met.  The  price  that  is  regularly  charged  for  an  item  when  sold 
separately  is  the  best  evidence  of  its  standalone  selling  price.  In  the  absence  of  such  evidence,  the  primary 
method used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin, under which the Company 
estimates  the  cost  of  satisfying  the  performance  obligation  and  then  adds  an  appropriate  margin  based  on 
similar services.
468