Item No. 27
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company along with its ancillary entities who are third parties with Tata Steel Limited (‘TSL’) 
and Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited (a third party vendor of TSL), including the information required to be disclosed as 
part of the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 
2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs between the of the Company along with its ancillary 
entities who are third parties with TSL and Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited 
(a third party vendor of TSL)
1.
a.
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise)
Tata  Steel  Limited  is  a  listed  associate  company  of  Tata  Sons  Private 
Limited (Promoter of the Company, as well as forms part of the Promoter 
Group) and consequently, a related party of Company.
b.
Type,  material  terms,  tenure,  monetary  value  and 
particulars of the proposed RPTs
Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited is a third party vendor.
The  Company  along  with  its  ancillary  entities  who  are  third  parties 
procures steel from  TSL  and  Poshs  Metals  Industries  Private Limited  a 
third party vendor of TSL at a price negotiated between the Company 
and TSL.
Since materials are supplied  by TSL directly and through its vendor to 
the  Company  at  a  price  negotiated  with  TSL,  these  transactions  are 
construed as RPTs for the purpose and effect to benefit the Company, as 
per the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The Company has undertaken/proposed to undertake RPTs with TSL and 
its third party vendor. The RPTs involve purchase & sale of goods / raw 
materials and availment of services during FY26 for an aggregate value 
not exceeding ₹4,572 crore.
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Purchase of goods
Sale of goods
Availment of services
Rendering of services
Interest paid
Asset purchase/sale
Rent paid
c.
2.
3.
a.
b.
Percentage  of 
the  Company’s  annual  consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
1.04%
Justification for the proposed RPTs
One  of  the  important  objectives  of  the  Company  is  to  meet  the 
business requirements and quality of the product which the company 
manufactures. TSL is a leading manufacturer of steel in India and meets 
the quality standard requirement of the Company’s manufacturing units.
In  light  of  above  and  other  commercial  factors,  aforementioned 
transactions  are  undertaken,  which  will  help  both  the  companies  to 
smoothen  business  operations  and  also  ensure  a  consistent  flow  of 
desired quality and quantity of materials for uninterrupted operations 
and increase in productivity.
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or 
its subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Not applicable
Where  any  financial  indebtedness  is  incurred  to  make 
or  give 
inter-corporate  deposits,  advances  or 
investments:
loans, 
Not applicable
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
570