In  the  opinion  of  the  Board,  Mr  Chowdary  is  a  person  of 
integrity,  possesses  relevant  expertise  /  experience  and 
fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing 
Regulations for appointment as an Independent Director and 
he is independent of the management. The Board considers 
that the continued association of Mr Chowdary would be of 
immense benefits to the Company and is desirable to continue 
to availing of services as an Independent Director. Accordingly 
the Board recommends the re-appointment of Mr Chowdary 
as  an  Independent  Director  as  set  out  at  Item  No.  6  of  the 
accompanying Notice for approval by the Members.
Electronic copy of the terms and conditions of appointment 
of  the  Independent  Directors  is  available  for  and  is  also 
available  on  the  website  of  the  Company  at  https://www.
tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/Terms-of-
Appointment-ID.pdf.  Please  refer  to  Note  11  given  in  the 
Notice on inspection of documents.
Except for Mr Chowdary and/or his relatives, no other Director, 
Key Managerial Personnel or their respective relatives are, in 
any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in 
the said Resolution.
Item No. 7
In  accordance with  the provisions  of  Section  204  and  other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
Rule  9  of  the  Companies  (Appointment  &  Remuneration  of 
Managerial  Personnel)  Rules,  2014  (including  any  statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being 
in force) (‘the Act’), every listed company and certain other 
prescribed  categories  of  companies  are  required  to  annex 
a  Secretarial  Audit  Report,  issued  by  a  Practicing  Company 
Secretary,  to  their  Board’s  report,  prepared  under  Section 
134(3) of the Act.
Furthermore, pursuant to recent amendments to Regulation 
24A  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), every listed entity and its material 
Subsidiaries in India are required to conduct Secretarial Audit 
and annex the Secretarial Audit Report to its annual report. 
Additionally, a listed entity must appoint a Secretarial Audit 
firm for a maximum of two terms of five consecutive years, 
with  shareholders  approval  to  be  obtained  at  the  Annual 
General Meeting.
Accordingly,  based  on  the  recommendation  of  the  Audit 
Committee,  the  Board  of  Directors  at  its  meeting  held  on 
May 13, 2025, has approved the appointment of M/s Parikh 
&  Associates,  Company  Secretaries,  (Firm  Registration  No. 
P1988MH009800) as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company 
for a period of five (5) consecutive years, commencing from 
April  1,  2025  to  March  31,  2030  subject  to  approval  of  the 
Members at the Annual General Meeting.
in 
terms  of 
Furthermore, 
the  amended  regulations,  
M/s  Parikh  &  Associates    has  provided  a  confirmation  that 
they have subjected themselves to the peer review process 
of  the  Institute  of  Company  Secretaries  of  India  and  hold  a 
valid  peer  review  certificate.  M/s  Parikh  &  Associates    has 
confirmed that they are not disqualified from being appointed 
as  Secretarial  Auditors  and  that  they  have  no  conflict  of 
interest.  M/s  Parikh  &  Associates    has  further  furnished  a 
declaration that they have not taken up any prohibited non-
secretarial  audit  assignments  for  the  Company,  its  holding 
and subsidiary companies.
recommending  M/s  Parikh  &  Associates 
While 
for 
appointment, the Board and the Audit Committee evaluated 
various  factors,  including  the  firm’s  capability  to  handle 
a  diverse  and  complex  business  environment,  its  existing 
experience in the Company’s business segments, its industry 
standing, the clientele it serves, and its technical expertise. 
M/s  Parikh  &  Associates  was  found  to  be  well-equipped  to 
manage the scale, diversity, and complexity associated with 
the Secretarial Audit of the Company.
M/s  Parikh  &  Associates  is  a  peer  reviewed  and  a  well-
established  firm  of  Practicing  Company  Secretaries, 
registered with the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, 
New  Delhi.  The  firm  is  led  by  experienced  partners,  all  of 
whom are distinguished professionals in the field of corporate 
governance  and  compliance.  Their  collective  expertise 
spans  corporate  advisory,  transactional  services,  litigation, 
advocacy, and legal due diligence. The firm also has associate 
partners with strong professional credentials who align with 
its core values of character, competence, and commitment. 
M/s Parikh & Associates specializes in compliance audit and 
assurance services, advisory and representation services, and 
transactional services.
The Firm is presently the Secretarial Auditor of the Company 
as well as several large listed Tata Companies.
The terms and conditions of the appointment of M/s Parikh 
&  Associates  include  a  tenure  of  five  (5)  consecutive  years, 
commencing  from  April  1,  2025  upto  March  31,  2030  at  a 
remuneration  of  `3,00,000/-  (Rupee  Three  Lakhs  only)  for 
FY26 and as may be mutually agreed between the Board and 
the Secretarial Auditors for subsequent years.
Additional  fees  for  statutory  certifications  and  other 
professional  services  will  be  determined  separately  by  the 
management, in consultation with M/s Parikh & Associates, 
and will be subject to approval by the Board of Directors and/
or the Audit Committee. 
M/s Parikh & Associates has provided its consent to act as the 
Secretarial Auditors of the Company and has confirmed that 
the  proposed  appointment,  if  made,  will  be  in  compliance 
with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
Accordingly,  approval  of  the  shareholders  is  sought  for 
appointment  of  M/s  Parikh  &  Associates  as  the  Secretarial 
Auditors of the Company.
538