The minutes of the subsidiary companies are placed before the Board of Directors of the Company on a quarterly basis and the 
attention of the Directors is drawn to significant transactions and arrangements entered into by the subsidiary companies.
The performance of its subsidiaries is also reviewed by the Board periodically. The Company is compliant with other requirements 
under Regulation 24 of the SEBI Listing Regulations with regards to its subsidiary companies.
DETAILS OF MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE LISTED ENTITY, INCLUDING THE DATE AND PLACE 
OF INCORPORATION AND THE NAME AND DATE OF APPOINTMENT OF STATUTORY AUDITORS OF 
SUCH SUBSIDIARIES
During the year under review, as per the provisions of Regulations 16 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, material subsidiaries shall 
mean a subsidiaries whose income or net worth exceeds 10 percent of the consolidated income or net worth respectively, of the 
Company and its subsidiaries in the immediately preceding accounting year.
Name of Subsidiaries
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited
Date and Place of incorporation
April 4, 2020, Mumbai
TML Holdings Pte Ltd
Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Limited
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Plc
Jaguar Land Rover Limited
Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC
February 4, 2008, Singapore
June 16, 2000  
England & Wales
January 18, 2008  
England & Wales
October 15, 1982
England & Wales
November 18, 1985
Delaware, USA
Name of Statutory Auditors
B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration 
No.101248W/W – 100022)
KPMG LLP, Singapore
KPMG LLP, United Kingdom
Date of Appointment
April 4, 2020
July 12, 2024
September 11, 2017
KPMG LLP, United Kingdom
September 11, 2017
KPMG LLP, United Kingdom
September 11, 2017
KPMG LLP, New York
September 11, 2017
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
All  transactions  entered 
into  with  related  parties  as 
defined  under  the  Act  and  Regulation  23  of  the  SEBI  Listing 
Regulations, as amended, during the year under review were 
on  an  arm’s  length  pricing  (‘ALP’)  basis  and  in  the  ordinary 
course of business (‘OCB’). These have been approved by the 
Audit  Committee.  Certain  transactions  repetitive  in  nature 
through  omnibus  route  by  the  Audit  Committee.  Further, 
the  shareholders  approved  all  the  material  related  party 
transactions  for  FY25,  vide  Ordinary  Resolution  passed  by 
the  Shareholders  at  the  79th  AGM  of  the  Company  held  on  
June 24, 2024.
into  consideration 
the 
takes 
The  Audit  Committee 
management  representation  and  an  Independent  Audit 
Consultant’s  Report,  whilst  scrutinizing  and  approving  all 
related  party  transactions,  from  the  perspective  of  fulfilling 
the criteria of meeting ALP and being transacted in the OCB. 
The detailed Policy on Related Party Transactions is available 
on  the  website  of  the  Company  at  https://www.tatamotors.
com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/rpt-policy.pdf
Details  of  transactions  with  related  parties  as  specified  in 
Indian Accounting Standards (‘IND AS 24’) have been reported 
in  the  Financial  Statements.  During  the  year  under  review, 
there was no transaction of a material nature with any of the 
related  parties,  which  was  in  conflict  with  the  interests  of 
the Company.
DETAILS OF COMPLIANCE
The Company has complied with the requirement of various 
rules  and  regulations  prescribed  by  the  Stock  Exchanges, 
SEBI or any other statutory authority during the last 3 years 
relating to the capital markets. No penalties or strictures have 
been imposed by them on the Company.
VIGIL MECHANISM
In accordance with the provisions of the Act and Regulation 
22 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has in place a 
Vigil Mechanism and a Whistle-Blower Policy duly approved 
by the Audit Committee which provides a formal mechanism 
for all Directors and employees of the Company to approach 
the Management of the Company (Audit Committee in case 
where  the  concern  involves  the  Senior  Management)  and 
make  protective  disclosures  to  the  Management  about 
unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of 
the Company’s Code of Conduct or Ethics Policy. 
The  disclosures  reported  are  addressed  in  the  manner  and 
within  the  time  frames  prescribed  in  the  Policy.  During  the 
year,  no  director  or  employee  of  the  Company  has  been 
denied access to the Audit Committee.
Kindly  refer  to  the  Company’s  website  at  https://www.
tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/whistle-
blower-policy.pdf    for  the  detailed  Whistle-Blower  Policy 
of Company.
286