CEO message
The robustness of JLR’s Reimagine strategy 
was affirmed in FY25 as the company set 
new records, delivered profit before tax of 
£2.5 billion, versus £2.2 billion year‑on‑year, 
and in April this year, we were proud of our 
achievement becoming net cash positive.
Adrian Mardell
Chief Executive Officer,  
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC
Dear Shareholders,
This FY25, was the first test of JLR’s 
reestablished financial stability. In 
FY24, the company broke a series of 
its financial records following a period 
characterised by the global pandemic, 
semiconductor shortages, inflation, 
the energy crisis, and geopolitical 
instability.  
Against this backdrop, the robustness 
of JLR’s Reimagine strategy was 
affirmed in FY25 as the company set 
new records, delivered profit before 
tax of £2.5 billion, versus £2.2 billion 
year‑on‑year, and we were proud 
to confirm the achievement of our 
strategic goals of 8.5% adjusted EBIT 
margin and becoming net cash positive. 
Achieving a net cash positive position 
is a huge milestone for JLR; an 
ambition first stated at the launch of 
our Reimagine strategy in February 
2021. Having eliminated successfully 
£5.0 billion of debt since the peak in 
August 2022, the company is now net 
debt free thanks to focused, prudent, 
and strong financial discipline. 
The business encountered headwinds 
this year including a downturn in the 
Chinese economy, which impacted 
our China volumes, and an aluminium 
supply shortage in the second quarter. 
The latter delayed deliveries of cars 
to clients and impacted quarterly 
wholesales, but we recovered strongly 
in the second half of the financial year. 
The transition to electric vehicles also 
moved more slowly than expected, 
which will impact automotive 
manufacturers facing tighter emissions 
regulations. That we reached our net 
debt zero goal is testament to the 
quality and resilience of our business 
and the skill of our people. 
In FY25, we also broke records, 
achieving the highest ever quarter 
one and quarter three revenues in 
JLR’s history, while we also delivered 
our highest quarter four and full 
year EBIT margin in a decade. These 
highlights illustrate that, despite market 
challenges, our vehicles continue to 
be highly desirable to clients around 
the world. 
FY25 was also a year of significant 
operational progress for our 
Reimagine strategy. 
As part of our £18 billion investment 
over five years from, 2024 to 2028, 
we invested £500 million to transform 
our Halewood facility for the electric 
era, with considerable progress in 
the construction of new facilities 
for pure‑electric vehicle production 
already completed.  
That news was followed by the 
announcement that Range Rover’s 
historic home, JLR’s Solihull plant, 
is now ready to build pure‑electric 
Range Rover models alongside internal 
combustion and plug‑in electric hybrid 
siblings. This highlights the incredible 
versatility of our Modular Longitudinal 
Architecture (MLA) on which Range 
Rover and Range Rover Sport are built, 
enabling us to offer powertrains that 
match the demands of markets around 
the world. 
While our preparations to build electric 
vehicles reached an advanced stage, 
we also announced the expansion of 
our bespoke paint facilities in Nitra, 
Slovakia and Castle Bromwich, UK, 
to meet increasing client demand for 
personalisation across our brands. We 
have seen demand for our personalised 
paint options on Range Rover models 
double in the last three years, as 
clients look to add their own touch 
to their luxury vehicles. To support 
our sustainability strategy, at Castle 
Bromwich we are installing the latest 
energy efficient paint technology and 
filtration techniques to cut power and 
water use. We will also utilise fully 
automated spray robots which reduce 
paint waste versus hand painting 
methods. The new fully electric paint 
booth and electric curing ovens at 
Nitra meanwhile will help to reduce 
carbon emissions.
46