Responsible business
DEI achievements
Our global Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion (DEI) policy details our 
continued commitment to creating a 
safe, diverse, equitable and inclusive 
workplace. Since 2022, our Global DEI 
team has been working on our Global 
Digital Learning Experience in response 
to the DEI basics learning originally 
launched in the UK. The objective 
of this project was to develop a DEI 
learning that resonates with people 
across our global locations. In 2024, 
the Global Digital Learning Experience 
launched across 24 countries and 
regions, educating on cultural nuances 
while navigating local laws and cultural 
complexity, which are all at different 
stages of the DEI journey.
In September 2024, we hosted our 
second Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Summit, welcoming a combined 
number of over 6,300 participants 
in person and online, spanning 25 
countries and 22 watch parties. This 
event celebrates the progress we 
make year‑on‑year and continues to 
cement our ambition to ensure that all 
colleagues are supported. The theme 
for this event was ‘Inclusion For All’.
In 2024, we also held our first 
International Women’s and 
Automotive Collective with three of 
our semiconductor suppliers to begin 
creating an inclusive environment 
throughout our entire ecosystem.
Human capital development 
Talent upskilling for the future
We have continued to build on our previous activities with growing investment 
in electrification safety training pathways for over 1,000 learners to support 
a range of roles across our business, initially prioritising those in our development 
workshops, as well as continuing to support our manufacturing colleagues.
Our Level 4 Data Fellowship Apprenticeship pathway for established colleagues 
seeking to grow their skills has seen the first cohorts complete, with 55% achieving 
distinction, significantly above the national average.
We have restructured our Six Sigma yellow and green belt programmes to 
support a range of business functions with structured problem solving and seen 
documented outcomes from the integrated projects colleagues have undertaken to 
complete their awards.
Additionally, we have built and piloted a new programme for our Executive Leader 
population in Data Leadership skills, combining internal subject matter expert 
experience with the support of a leading academic business school and engineering 
department. This has been adapted to integrate better with our Modern Leadership 
approach, with opportunities to dive deeper for those who require specific 
technical capability.
Early careers
Early Careers and investment in apprentices, undergraduates and graduates 
continue to form a key foundation for our talent pool and are a critical enabler of 
building skills for the future. In 2024, nearly 900 people joined us in the UK on our 
Early Careers programmes, and approximately 300 internationally.
Our programmes have received external recognition, with JLR climbing from 
59th to 42nd in the Times Top 100 Graduate Employers in the UK.
138