Other Matters
a.  We  did  not  audit  the  financial  statements  of  one  joint 
operation,  whose  financial  statements  reflects  total 
assets  (before  consolidation  adjustments)  of  Rs.  9,236 
crores  as  at  31  March  2025,  total  revenues  (before 
consolidation  adjustments)  of  Rs.  14,696  crores  and 
net  cash  inflows  (before  consolidation  adjustments) 
amounting  to  Rs.  64  crores  for  the  year  ended  on 
that  date,  as  considered  in  the  consolidated  financial 
statements.  These  financial  statements  have  been 
audited  by  other  auditor  whose  report  has  been 
furnished  to  us  by  the  Management,  and  our  opinion 
on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  in  so  far  as 
it  relates  to  the  amounts  and  disclosures  included  in 
respect of this joint operation, and our report in terms 
of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as 
it relates to the aforesaid joint operation, is based solely 
on the report of the other auditor.
b. 
We  did  not  audit  the  financial  statements  /  financial 
information  of  two  subsidiaries  and  56  step-down 
subsidiaries,  whose  financial 
statements/financial 
information  reflect  total  assets  (before  consolidation 
adjustments) of Rs. 301,944 crores as at 31 March 2025, 
total  revenues  (before  consolidation  adjustments) 
of  Rs.  314,573  crores  and  net  cash  outflows  (before 
consolidation  adjustments)  (net)  amounting  to  Rs.  776 
crores for the year ended on that date, as considered in 
the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated 
financial  statements  also  include  the  Group’s  share 
of  net  loss  (and  other  comprehensive  income)  of  Rs.  2 
crores for the year ended 31 March 2025, in respect of 
three associates, four joint ventures and one associate 
of  a  subsidiary,  whose  financial  statements/financial 
information have not been audited by us. These financial 
statements/financial information have been audited by 
other auditors whose reports have been furnished to us 
by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated 
financial  statements,  in  so  far  as  it  relates  to  the 
amounts  and  disclosures  included  in  respect  of  these 
subsidiaries, step-down subsidiaries, joint ventures and 
associates,  and  our  report  in  terms  of  sub-section  (3) 
of  Section  143  of  the  Act,  in  so  far  as  it  relates  to  the 
aforesaid  subsidiaries,  step-down  subsidiaries,  joint 
ventures and associates is based solely on the reports of 
the other auditors.
Two  of  these  step-subsidiaries  are  located  outside 
India  whose  financial  statements  and  other  financial 
information  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with 
accounting  principles  generally  accepted 
in  their 
respective  countries  and  which  have  been  audited 
by  other  auditors  under  generally  accepted  auditing 
in  their  respective  countries. 
standards  applicable 
299
in 
The  Group’s  management  has  converted  the  financial 
statements/financial  information  of  such  step-down 
subsidiaries,  located  outside  India  from  accounting 
principles  generally  accepted 
their  respective 
countries to accounting principles generally accepted in 
India.  We  have  audited  these  conversion  adjustments 
made  by  the  Group’s  management.  Our  opinion  in 
so  far  as  it  relates  to  the  balances  and  affairs  of  such 
step-down  subsidiaries,  located  outside  India  is  based 
on  the  reports  of  other  auditors  and  the  conversion 
adjustments prepared by the management of the Group 
and audited by us.
Our  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements, 
and  our  report  on  Other  Legal  and  Regulatory 
Requirements  below,  is  not  modified  in  respect  of  the 
above matters with respect to our reliance on the work 
done and the reports of the other auditors.
The financial statements/financial information of three 
subsidiaries  and  six  step-down  subsidiaries,  whose 
financial statements/financial information reflects total 
assets  (before  consolidation  adjustments)  of  Rs.  1,250 
crores  as  at  31  March  2025,  total  revenues  (before 
consolidation  adjustments)  of  Rs.  539  crores  and  net 
cash  inflows  (before  consolidation  adjustments)  (net) 
amounting  to  Rs.  34  crores  for  the  year  ended  on 
that  date,  as  considered  in  the  consolidated  financial 
statements,  have  not  been  audited  either  by  us  or  by 
other  auditors.  The  consolidated  financial  statements 
also  include  the  Group’s  share  of  net  profit  (and  other 
comprehensive  income)  of  Rs.  127  crores  for  the  year 
ended 31 March 2025, as considered in the consolidated 
financial  statements,  in  respect  of  four  associates, 
whose  financial  statements/financial  information  have 
not  been  audited  by  us  or  by  other  auditors.  These 
unaudited  financial  statements/financial  information 
have been furnished to us by the Management and our 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so 
far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included 
in respect of these subsidiaries, step-down subsidiaries 
and associates, and our report in terms of sub-section 
(3)  of  Section  143  of  the  Act  in  so  far  as  it  relates  to 
the  aforesaid  subsidiaries,  step-down  subsidiaries  and 
associates,  is  based  solely  on  such  unaudited  financial 
statements  /  financial  information.  In  our  opinion  and 
according  to  the  information  and  explanations  given 
to  us  by  the  Management,  these  financial  statements/
financial information are not material to the Group.
Our  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements, 
and  our  report  on  Other  Legal  and  Regulatory 
Requirements below, is not modified in respect of this 
matter with respect to the financial statements/financial 
information certified by the Management.