its holistic commitment to sustainable mobility with the launch of “Re.Wi.Re – Recycle with Respect” to facilitate the safe 
recycling of end-of-life vehicles (ELVs).
The state-of-the-art Tata Motors Re.Wi.Re. facility is designed to dismantle end-of-life passenger and commercial vehicles 
of  all  brands.  These  facilities  will  drive  responsible  scrapping  and  recycling  of  ELVs  by  using  globally  benchmarked  and 
optimized  processes.  With  the  launch  of  Re.Wi.Re.,  Tata  Motors  aims  to  offer  better  value  capture  in  downstream 
businesses, generate employment, and support the minimization of environmental pollution caused by aged vehicles. Tata 
Motors has opened five more Re.Wi.Re. facilities under a franchise-based model, taking the total to seven facilities with an 
annual capacity to dismantle more than 1,10,000 vehicles.
We are committed to expanding Re.Wi.Re. facilities across the country to promote circularity and enhance and organize 
our value chain play. This move will lessen the pollution involved in the dismantling of ELVs and bring this activity within the 
organized sector.
Operations:
Our manufacturing operations generate various types of wastes which are covered under various national regulations. All 
our plants ensure that the management of such wastes is done in full compliance with these legal requirements as specified 
by the operating permits, consents, and authorizations.
Our  manufacturing  operations  receive  a  large  and  diverse  number  of  parts,  components,  and  consumables  in  various 
forms of packaging which are discarded. These are segregated as per material type and shape and sold to recyclers for 
conversion and utilization. Specifically, we ensure the sale of all flexible and rigid plastic packaging to authorized plastic 
waste processors for recycling and utilization in the manufacture of new packaging material. Hazardous and other wastes 
are similarly routed to authorized recyclers or re-processors for material recovery, or to co-processing for energy recovery 
through cement plants. We also ensure the safe disposal of specific hazardous wastes, as mandated in operating consent/
authorizations, through government-authorized Treatment, Storage, and Disposal Facilities.
E-wastes from our operations, comprising electronic devices, their components, and IT assets that are discarded after their 
useful life or due to obsolescence, are disposed of only through authorized recyclers.
Where technically feasible, we are utilizing recovered materials such as reclaimed thinner, secondary paint made from 
paint sludge, or sand from our foundries in our own manufacturing operations or in our supply chain.
4.  Whether  Extended  Producer  Responsibility  (EPR)  is  applicable  to  the  entity’s  activities.  If  yes,  whether  the  waste 
collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? If 
not, provide steps taken to address the same. 
Yes, the EPR provisions under the Plastic Waste Management & Handling Rules, 2016 (as amended) are applicable to the 
Company. Tata Motors Limited (‘TML’) (Commercial Vehicle business) is registered as a “Brand Owner” and as an “Importer” 
with the CPCB and have complied with the requirements of the Registration for the concluded year 2024-25. The Company 
have set up internal systems to track and ensure compliance on a running basis for FY25 and beyond. 
Legal compliance of our EPR target for FY 2024-25 has been ensured by the procurement of re-cycling certificates through 
a third party. Going forward, we will continue to fulfil our EPR targets through this route using the established systems for 
collection, transportation, and the re-cycling of post-consumer plastic packaging waste. TML is registered as a “Producer” 
under the Battery Waste Management Rules, 2022, with the CPCB and is working towards fulfilling necessary requirements.
Additionally, the Company has also applied for registration under the EPR framework for used oil management and is taking 
appropriate steps to ensure compliance with applicable guidelines and reporting obligations.
Leadership Indicators
1.  Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing industry) 
or for its services (for service industry)? If Yes, provide details in the following format? 
TML is actively working towards conducting LCA for representative models of Trucks, small commercial vehicle, and ICE 
passenger vehicles to determine product environmental footprint.
202