Plant Locations
Pimpri, Pune
Chinchwad, Pune
Jamshedpur
Lucknow
Pantnagar
Dharwad
Total
Total Roof Top PV Solar installed capacity till FY 24 in MWp
18.5
2.4
11.5
6.1
16
1
55.5
Energy  Conservation  (ENCON)  projects  are  implemented  across  all  the  Plants  and  Offices  in  a  planned  and  budgeted 
manner. In FY25, ENCON Projects led to a cumulative reduction of 44.1 lakh kWh of electricity and 12908 GJ of fuel, which 
amounted to a reduction of 3978 tCO2 of greenhouse gas emissions. Some of the major ENCON projects in FY25 include:
• 
Optimization of compressed air consumption at the Foundry, resulting in significant energy savings and reduction in 
CO2 emissions.
Elimination of the Sealer Oven process in the Paint Shop, leading to substantial energy conservation.
Implementation of Variable Refrigerant Flow (VRF) systems in the Engine Assembly and Power Train areas to enhance 
energy efficiency.
Achievement  of  energy  savings  through  Foundry  yield  improvement  initiatives,  realizing  an  average  2%  yield 
improvement across various items, contributing to significant unit and energy savings.
Eliminated  sealer  baking  process  on  paint  shop  by  implementation  of  wet-on-wet  sealer  Paint  Shop  to  reduce 
propane consumption.
Heat Pump utilization for Paint shop Process tank heating.
Digitization and furnace optimization in heat treatment area.
Energy efficient HVLS fans installation at various assembly lines.
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
9. 
Provide details related to waste management by the entity:
The  waste  generated  from  our  operations  comprises  a  diverse  range  of  both  hazardous  and  non-hazardous  materials, 
along with scrap material. Our waste management practices are governed by the Hazardous Waste Authorization issued 
by the respective State Pollution Control Boards where we operate. Continuously, our operations drive initiatives aimed 
at eliminating, minimizing, and recycling waste in accordance with  legal  regulations and  available opportunities.  These 
initiatives encompass various activities, including material recovery through authorized recyclers for items such as used 
oil,  solvents,  paint  sludge,  and  used  foundry  sand  (reclaimed  and  reused).  Additionally,  we  engage  in  co-processing 
hazardous waste as alternate fuel and raw material, including paint sludge, phosphate sludge, ETP sludge grinding waste, 
oily  rags,  and  composting  of  food  waste.  Furthermore,  we  ensure  the  recycling  of  metal  and  non-metal  scrap  through 
authorized recyclers.
Furthermore, we are committed to achieving Zero Waste to Landfill across our operations by the end of the decade. We 
are carrying this message across our value chain to our supply chain and channel partners.
Total waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A)
E-waste (B)
Bio-medical waste (C)
Construction and demolition waste (D)
Battery waste (E)
Radioactive waste (F)
Other hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G)
Other non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Break-up by composition 
i.e. by materials relevant to the sector)
FY 25
FY 24
1,994
 137 
 2.8 
6,244
 202 
Nil
3,934
90,087*
1,959$
76
1.98
3,180
233
Nil
4,009
81,488$
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H)
 1,02,601
90,947
228