There  has  been  no  material  change  in  the  nature  of  the 
business of the subsidiary companies.
The  policy  for  determining  material  subsidiaries  of  the 
Company is available on the Company’s website URL: https://
www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/
material.pdf
For  details,  please  refer  para  on  ‘Policy  on  determining 
Material Subsidiary’ of the Report on Corporate Governance, 
which forms part of this Report.
RISK MANAGEMENT
The Board has constituted a Risk Management Committee to 
frame, implement, monitor and review the Risk Management 
policy and to ensure its effectiveness.
Through  an  Enterprise  Risk  Management  Program,  the 
business  units  and  the  corporate  functions  address  their 
short, medium and long terms risks. The Audit committee has 
an additional oversight on the financial risks and controls.
Please refer paragraph on Risk Management of the Integrated 
Report for detailed analysis.
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS 
AND ADEQUACY
The  Company’s  internal  control  systems  are  commensurate 
with the nature of its business, the size and complexity of its 
operations and such internal financial controls with reference 
to the Financial Statements are adequate.
Please  refer  to  the  paragraphs  on  Internal  Control  Systems 
and their Adequacy in the Management Discussion & Analysis 
section for detailed analysis.
HUMAN RESOURCES
Please  refer  to  the  paragraphs  on  Human  Resources  / 
Industrial Relations in the Management Discussion & Analysis 
section for detailed analysis.
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
The  Company  believes  that  diversity,  equity,  and  inclusion 
(‘DEI’) are essential drivers of innovation. By embracing varied 
perspectives  and  lived  experiences  from  across  different 
backgrounds,  the  Company  create  a  workplace  culture  that 
encourages  creativity,  collaboration  and  breakthrough 
thinking. To formalize the Company’s commitment in FY24, we 
introduced a dedicated DEI brand identity — DEIsha — which 
serves as the anchor for all DEI-related initiatives across the 
organization. In FY25, the Company launched the Lighthouse 
Framework, designed to assess and advance progress across 
ten critical focus areas of DEI.
Some of the key initiatives of this year include:
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Inclusive  Policies:  All  organizational  policies  were 
reviewed and made gender-neutral. Along with updates 
on our Sabbatical policy, two more policies — Utkarsha 
and  Vidyadhan  —  were  introduced  to  support  the 
Company’s  internal  employees  in  need  of  genuine 
assistance for capability development.
Net  Promoter  Score  /  Culture  and  Engagement:  
the Company launched DEI Round Robbin — a structured 
engagement initiative where women employees across 
locations  participated 
in  conversations  around  the 
Company’s  cultural  values.  These  interactions  have 
contributed to an improved Net Promoter Score (NPS), 
rising from 7.7 in Q2FY25 to 7.9 in Q4FY25.
Capability  Development:  DEIsha  rolled  out  the  second 
cohort of empowHER, a flagship empowerment program 
for women professionals at L4 and L5 levels. A total of 78 
women have embarked on this journey.
Enabling Persons with Disabilities (PWD): The Company 
worked  on  PWD  inclusion  and  onboarded  ~  141  PWD 
employees across locations such as Pune, Jamshedpur, 
Dharwad and Lucknow. As of March 31, 2025, a total of 
166 PWDs are contributing to the Company’s workforce.
Sensitization:  Over  1,200  identified  people  managers 
have participated in ONEderful Conversations — a half-
day, facilitator-led workshops designed to build inclusive 
leadership capabilities.
Throughout  FY25,  the  Company  also  celebrated  key  DEI 
milestones  in  alignment  with  the  Company’s  annual  DEI 
calendar:  Pride  Month  (Q1),  Inclusion  PoV  Photography 
Contest  (Q2),  International  Day  of  Persons  with  Disabilities 
(Q3)  and  International  Women’s  Day  (Q4),  all  marked  by 
enthusiastic participation across locations.
The  Company 
is  encouraged  by  measurable  progress:  
attrition  among  women  employees  has  declined  by  one 
percentage  point  and  women’s  participation  has  grown. 
The  Company’s  overall  gender  diversity  ratio  improved 
marginally to 11.1% in FY25, up from 11.0% in FY24, reflecting 
our  continued  focus  on  creating  a  more  inclusive  and 
equitable workplace.
PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT
The  Company  has  a  zero-tolerance  policy  for  sexual 
harassment in the workplace. It has adopted a comprehensive 
policy  on  Prevention,  Prohibition  and  Redressal  of  Sexual 
Harassment at Workplace, in alignment with the provisions of 
the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition  and  Redressal)  Act,  2013  and  Rules  framed 
thereunder. An Internal Committee (‘IC’) has been established 
156