5
Supply chain disruptions and commodity price fluctuations
Supply chain disruptions, if not managed, 
could have an adverse effect on production 
volume, revenue and profitability, customer 
satisfaction and reputation. Continued supply 
constraints have impacted many industries, 
including automotive. Higher inflation 
caused by the scarcity and rising cost of raw 
materials, commodities, energy and transport 
is impacting the production of goods.
Our ability to supply components, in 
time, to our manufacturing operations 
is of paramount importance in achieving 
production schedules and meeting consumer 
demand. Commodity price fluctuations, 
being a major part of overall costs, might 
impact the cost competitiveness and overall 
profitability. Lastly, the volatile nature of 
the regulatory landscape (Tariffs) could 
also result in significant direct and indirect 
impacts to suppliers and disruption to 
logistics that increase production costs and 
lead times.
F
M S
The industrialisation of JLR’s risk management 
framework has improved its time to recover 
from events impacting its global value chains 
as well as communication. JLR continues 
to actively engage its internal teams and 
suppliers to mitigate potential disruption 
through our Secure26, and Kass programmes 
(Tier 1+ Financial Risk detection). We are 
diversifying sourcing, driving localisation of 
critical components, closely collaborating 
with suppliers and building a buffer stock, 
exercising financial instruments such as futures 
or options contracts for hedging against price 
increases and negotiating long‑term contracts, 
wherever necessary. Material cost reduction 
through Value Analysis and Value Engineering 
(VAVE) is also part of our strategy. We are also 
working on localisation of routine components 
to minimise the risk.
6
IT systems, security and data management
We are exposed to IT risks since IT plays an 
important role in our operations, including 
the manufacturing, design of engineering 
processes. With our vehicles becoming 
increasingly technologically advanced and 
connected to the internet, they may become 
more susceptible to unauthorised access. The 
ever‑growing threat from cybercrime and the 
spread of aggressive malicious code brings 
risks that can affect the availability, integrity 
and confidentiality of information and 
IT‑supported operating resources We are also 
subject to risks related to legacy IT systems 
and system migration projects. As data 
and digitisation continue to advance within 
our products and services, protecting our 
information assets and maintaining secure 
information services are critical enterprise 
enablers for the benefit of our customers and 
company’s resilience. 
H M
F
S
Capitals impacted
As data and digitisation continue to advance 
within organisation and our products and 
services, protecting our information assets 
and maintaining secure information services 
are critical enterprise enablers for the benefit 
of our customers and resilience. Failure 
to implement effective data management 
practices leaves the Company exposed to 
the risk of regulatory fines and reputational 
harm. Our ability to meet customer needs, 
expectations and address future challenges 
will be hindered, potentially leading to 
decreased investment, loss of market share 
and reduced business performance. The risk 
impacts can be categorised into four main 
areas at a macro level: 
Strategic risk: Loss/theft of IP leading to long‑
term value loss. 
Operational risk: A severe ransomware 
attack could result in business disruption and 
loss of revenue. 
Financial risk: Breach of compliance could 
lead to major fines and operational sanctions 
being imposed. 
Reputational risk: Negative media publicity 
resulting in loss of customers and long‑term 
customer trust impact.
Information risk and cyber security are 
managed strategically. Through a cohesive 
programme of initiatives, we mitigate 
significant business risks while positively 
influencing business and brand value, growth, 
stability, and overall success. We continue 
to drive measurable improvements in cyber 
defence and other core security capabilities 
(e.g., security ecosystem, supply chain 
security, risk governance and cultural 
change). We are committed to safeguarding 
our data assets through specialist data 
governance capabilities, ensuring all our data 
assets are owned, controlled and accessible 
across the Company, and our employees 
have the skills, tools, and support to enact. 
Promoting Data Management through 
an appropriate Data policy, standards 
and controls demonstrate company’s 
dedication to sustainable growth so we 
are ready for the future. With appropriate 
awareness we can maximise our ability to 
exploit new technologies and use AI safely 
and responsibly.
F
Financial capital
M
Manufactured capital
I
Intellectual capital
N
Natural capital
H
Human capital
S
Social and relationship capital
71