MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
The Company recognizes communication as a key element to 
the overall Corporate Governance framework, and therefore 
emphasizes  on  prompt,  continuous,  efficient  and  relevant 
communication to all external constituencies.
Financial  Results:  The  Quarterly,  Half  Yearly  and  Annual 
Results are regularly submitted to the National Stock Exchange 
of  India  Limited  (‘NSE’),  BSE  Limited  (‘BSE’)  and  Singapore 
Stock  Exchange  (‘SGX’)  which  are  also  uploaded  on  the 
Company’s website and are published in newspapers, namely 
the  Financial  Express  (English)  and  the  Loksatta  (Marathi) 
along with the Quick Response code and the weblink where 
such  financial  results  are  available  and  can  be  accessed  by 
the  investors.  Additionally,  the  results  and  other  important 
information are also periodically updated on the Company’s 
website at https://www.tatamotors.com/quarterly-results/.
institutional 
Investors/Analyst  Meets:  The  Company  hosts  calls 
or  meetings  with 
investors  on  request.  
Post the quarterly results, an analyst meet/call is organized 
which  provides  a  platform  for  the  Management  to  answer 
questions and provide clarifications to investors and analysts.  
The Company continues to interact with all types of funds and 
investors in order to have a diversified shareholder base both 
in  terms  of  geographical  location  and  investment  horizon. 
Financial  Results,  Statutory  Notices,  Press  Releases  and 
Presentations  made  to  the  institutional  investors/analysts 
after the declaration of the quarterly, half-yearly and annual 
results are submitted to NSE, BSE and SGX well as uploaded 
on  the  Company’s  website  on  a  regular  basis  at  https://
www.tatamotors.com/intimation-to-stock-exchanges/.  
The Company also issues press releases on important matters 
from time to time.
Website: The Company’s website provides a comprehensive 
reference  on  its  leadership,  management,  vision,  policies, 
corporate  governance,  sustainability  and  investor  relations. 
The  Members  can  access  the  details  of  the  Board,  the 
Committees,  Policies,  Board  Committee  Charters,  financial 
information, 
information,  statutory  filings,  shareholding 
details  of  unclaimed  dividend  and  shares  transferred/liable 
to  be  transferred  to  IEPF,  frequently  asked  questions,  etc. 
In  addition,  various  downloadable  forms  required  to  be 
executed  by  the  Members  have  also  been  provided  on  the 
website of the Company.
Annual Report: The information regarding the performance 
of  the  Company  is  shared  with  the  shareholders  vide  the 
Annual  Report.  The  Annual  Report  for  FY25  is  being  sent 
in  electronic  mode,  to  all  members  who  have  registered 
their  email  ids  for  the  purpose  of  receiving  documents/
communication  in  electronic  mode  with  the  Company  and/
or  Depository  Participants.  The  Annual  Reports  are  also 
available in the “Investors” section on the Company’s website   
at https://www.tatamotors.com/annual-reports/
Electronic  Communication:  The  Company  had  during  FY25 
sent  various  communications  including  Annual  Reports,  by 
email  to  those  shareholders  whose  email  addresses  were 
registered  with  the  Company/Depositories.  In  support  of 
the ‘Green Initiative’ the Company encourages Members to 
register their email address with their Depository Participant 
or the Company, to receive soft copies of the Annual Report, 
Notices and other information disseminated by the Company, 
without any delay.
Green  Initiative:  All  agenda  papers  for  the  Board  and 
Committee  meetings  are  disseminated  electronically,  by 
uploading them on a secured online application.
GENERAL INFORMATION FOR MEMBERS
The  Corporate  Identity  Number  (‘CIN’)  allotted  to  the 
Company  by  the  Ministry  of  Corporate  Affairs  (‘MCA’) 
is L28920MH1945PLC004520.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Date and Time
Friday, June 20, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. (IST)
Venue
The  MCA  vide  its  relevant  circulars,  has 
permitted the holding of the AGM through 
VC / OAVM, without the physical presence 
of  the  Members  at  a  common  venue.  In 
compliance  with  the  provisions  of  the 
Act  and  MCA  Circulars,  the  AGM  of  the 
Company is being held through VC / OAVM. 
(For details please refer to the AGM Notice.)
As  required  under  Regulation  36(3)  of  the  SEBI  Listing 
Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2 on General Meetings, 
details  of  Directors  seeking  appointment/re-appointment 
at  this  AGM  are  given  in  the  Annexure  to  the  Notice  of  the 
forthcoming AGM. 
FINANCIAL CALENDAR
Financial Year 
Results for the Quarter ending (Tentative)
June 30, 2025
September 30, 2025
December 31, 2025
 March 31, 2026
Record Date for Dividend
Date of Dividend payment
ending March 31
On or before August 14, 2025
On or before November 14, 2025
On or before February 14, 2026
On or before May 30, 2026
Wednesday, June 4, 2025
On or before Tuesday, June 24, 2025 
278