MATERIAL  CHANGES  AND  COMMITMENT 
AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION
There are no material changes affecting the financial position 
of the Company, subsequent to the close of the FY25 till the 
date of this Report.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
The  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and 
its  subsidiaries  for  FY25  have  been  prepared  in  compliance 
with  the  applicable  provisions  of  the  Act  and  as  stipulated 
under Regulation 33 of SEBI Listing Regulations as well as in 
accordance  with  the  Indian  Accounting  Standards  notified 
under  the  Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards)  Rules, 
2015. The audited consolidated financial statements together 
with the Independent Auditor’s Report thereon form part of 
this Annual Report.
Pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Act, a statement containing 
the  salient  features  of  the  Financial  Statement  of  the 
subsidiary companies is attached to the Financial Statement 
in Form AOC-1.
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, 
the Company will make available the said financial statement 
of the subsidiary companies upon a request by any Member 
of the Company or its subsidiary companies. These financial 
statements  of  the  Company  and  the  subsidiary  companies 
will  also  be  kept  open  for  inspection  by  any  member.  The 
members can send an e-mail to inv_rel@tatamotors.com upto 
the date of the AGM and the same would also be available on 
the  Company’s  website  URL:  https://www.tatamotors.com/
annual-reports/
SUBSIDIARY, JOINT ARRANGEMENTS AND 
ASSOCIATE COMPANIES
The Company had 93 subsidiaries (16 direct and 77 indirect), 
10 associate companies, 4 joint ventures and 2 joint operations 
during FY25 as disclosed in the Financial Statements.
A  diagrammatic  representation  of  the  subsidiary  structure 
is  available  on  the  Company’s  website  at:  https://www.
tatamotors.com/annual-reports/
During  FY25,  the  following  changes  have  taken  place  in 
subsidiary / associates / joint venture companies:
• 
• 
• 
TML Commercial Vehicles Limited was incorporated on 
June 23, 2024, as a direct subsidiary of the Company.
TML’s  shareholding  in  TTL  decreased  from  55.39%  to 
53.39%  consequent  to  Tata  Motors  Finance  Ltd  selling 
equity shares in TTL.
Tata  Motors  Digital.AI  Labs  Limited  (‘TMDALL’)  was 
incorporated on March 17, 2025, as a subsidiary of the 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
155
Company.  The  Company  alongwith  TMPVL    (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary) holds 100% shareholding in TMDALL.
(‘TMGSL’) 
The  Company  sold  50%  stake  in  Tata  Motors  Global 
Services  Limited 
from 
TML  Business  Services  Limited  with  effect  from  
February  28,  2025)  to  TMPVL  on  March  25,  2025.  The 
Company  alongwith  TMPVL  holds  100%  shareholding 
in TMGSL.
(name  changed 
Consequent  to  the  execution  of  a  Share  Purchase 
Agreement  between  TPEML  and  Tata  Motors  Design 
Tech  Centre  plc  (‘TMDTC’)  on  June  28,  2024,  Trilix  srl 
ceased to be a direct subsidiary of TPEML and became a 
subsidiary of TMDTC, w.e.f., November 5, 2024.
Tata  Daewoo  Commercial  Vehicles  Company  Limited 
and  Tata  Daewoo  Commercial  Vehicles  Sales  and 
Distribution  Company  Limited,  step-down  subsidiaries 
of  the  Company  and  wholly  owned  subsidiaries  of 
TML  Holdings  Pte  Limited,  were  renamed  as  Tata 
Daewoo  Mobility  Company  Limited  and  Tata  Daewoo 
Mobility  Sales  Company  Limited,  respectively,  w.e.f  
November 1, 2024.
Tata Motors (Thailand) Limited (‘TMTL’) has been under 
liquidation, w.e.f. December 27, 2024. TML Holdings Pte 
Limited’s  shareholding  in  TMTL  increased  from  97.21% 
to 100% during the year.
Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Limited, indirect subsidiary 
sold its entire shareholding in Limited Liability Company 
“Jaguar Land Rover” (Russia) w.e.f. October 31, 2024.
Jaguar Land Rover Colombia S.A.S, subsidiary of Jaguar 
Land  Rover  Limited,  UK  (‘JLR’),  an  indirect  subsidiary, 
was striked off on February 27, 2025.
JLR  Insurance  Company  Limited  was  incorporated  on 
October 9, 2024, as a wholly owned subsidiary of JLR.
JLR  and  Tata  Autocomp  Systems  Limited  (’TACO’) 
have  entered  into  a  share  purchase  agreement  for, 
inter  alia,  sale  of  its  80%  stake  in  Jaguar  Land  Rover 
Ventures  Limited  (‘JLRV’)  a  step  down  wholly  owned 
subsidiary of the Company to TACO on March 28, 2025. 
Pursuant  thereto,  TACO  has  also  acquired  80%  stake 
in  Artifex  Interior  Systems  Limited  (‘AISL’),  a  wholly 
owned subsidiary of JLRV. Consequently, both JLRV and 
AISL  ceased  to  be  subsidiaries  of  the  Company,  w.e.f  
March 28, 2025.
India 
Private 
TechWorks 
BMW 
Limited  was 
incorporated  as  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  TTL  on  
July 31, 2024. Thereafter, TTL allotted 50% shareholding 
to  BMW  Holding  B.V.  Netherlands-  JV  Partner  on  
October 8, 2024. Hence, ceased to be a subsidiary during 
the year.