Risk management
Principal risks
7
People capability and capacity
To deliver strategic and operational plans 
an organisation needs a workforce with 
core and critical skills in both current and 
emerging areas and a culture underpinned 
by a safe, secure and inclusive environment 
that enables people to do their best work 
every day. The safety, wellbeing and 
engagement of our employees is paramount 
and needs to be maintained in the face of a 
challenging external environment.
If we are unable to attract, engage, develop 
and retain the best diverse talent and 
critical skills in an increasingly competitive 
environment, our ability to continually 
innovate and deliver products and services 
to our customers will be impacted.
H M
F
I
An essential part of our strategy is to 
cultivate an agile and capable organisation 
and culture through changes in our work 
methods, significant upskilling in ACES 
(Autonomous, Connected, Electric, Shared), 
and introducing a new business purpose and 
supporting behaviours. Our culture is built on 
four pillars: Be Bold, Own It, Solve Together 
and Being Empathetic. We remain dedicated 
to fostering an environment that drives 
exceptional business performance. 
We also continue to respond to the rapidly 
evolving technological landscape. We are 
focused on taking a sustainable approach to 
planning for the future. By building through 
our early careers, talent attraction and talent 
upskilling programmes, we ensure our people 
have the skills and capabilities we need.
8
Distribution channels, retailer network and customer service delivery
Our goal is to ensure every customer 
experiences a seamless and consistent 
hassle‑free journey, delighting them at every 
interaction. Retailer partners play a crucial 
role in reflecting our brand strategy and 
vision, effectively communicating our values 
through trained and capable representatives. 
This approach aims to successfully appeal 
to new and existing customers, driving high 
customer satisfaction and retention levels 
in both sales and services. Availability of 
parts is necessary to ensure a seamless 
customer experience.
Inconsistent customer experience impacts 
our ability to attract and retain customers 
and and impacts overall customer 
satisfaction. Failure to deliver an exceptional 
experience through our online and physical 
retailer channels will lead to a weakening 
in our competitive positioning, potentially 
impacting our business and financial 
performance as a result. This situation 
may necessitate investments in evolving 
distribution models like D2C to meet 
evolving consumer preferences and market 
trends continuously.
Market demand is monitored constantly to 
optimise vehicle and parts and accessory 
deliveries for our retailers and customers. 
Online customer experience is being 
enhanced and simplified. Retailer systems 
and tools are being enhanced, supporting 
retailer sales, service and technician 
representatives to deliver a seamless and 
consistent hassle‑free customer experience. 
Other initiatives such as SOTA (Software Over 
the Air) and FOTA (Features Over The Air) 
services, Fleet Edge, Sampoorna Seva 2.0, and 
Uptime Guarantee have been implemented 
to improve sales and aftersales experiences. 
Additionally, exclusive Tata.ev stores 
provide an immersive experience to the 
EV community. In Passenger Vehicles 
business, initiatives are underway to 
expand service capabilities and improve 
customer experience.
H M
F
S
Capitals impacted
F
Financial capital
M
Manufactured capital
I
Intellectual capital
N
Natural capital
H
Human capital
S
Social and relationship capital
72