Chairman’s message
N Chandrasekaran
Chairman and Non‑Executive Director
Dear Shareholders,
It is my privilege to present the 
Integrated Annual Report of 
Tata Motors Limited for FY25, 
marking the 80th year of your 
Company’s journey.
This was the year we lost Mr. Ratan 
Tata, whose vision made Tata Motors 
what it is today. We remain inspired 
by his contributions.
The year 2025 began with optimism, 
underpinned by expectations of 
macroeconomic stability and recovery 
with global growth, falling inflation, 
and tailwinds from falling interest 
rates. However, this macro narrative 
shifted with rising concerns around 
global growth and inflation as policy 
uncertainty rose sharply with dramatic 
shifts in trade policy. Amid trade 
uncertainties, global growth is 
expected to slow to 2.3% in 2025 
from 2.8% in 2024.
In this challenging landscape, the 
long‑term structural shifts that I have 
referred to earlier, transition to cleaner 
and greener energy, deepening digital 
transformation, and reconfiguration 
of global supply chains, continue to 
move forward.
Across all these shifts, one stands 
apart: the potential of Artificial 
Intelligence (AI)/Generative AI 
(Gen AI). This is not merely another 
technological shift; it is a civilisational 
one. AI is swiftly becoming as 
fundamental to human progress 
as electricity once was, reshaping 
our world in ways we are only 
beginning to comprehend. It’s being 
supercharged by parallel progress in 
semiconductors, cloud computing, 
quantum technologies, robotics, 
energy innovations and innovations 
in energy storage. What makes 
this moment uniquely significant 
is its simultaneity. Unlike previous 
technological revolutions that arrived 
sequentially across the globe, AI/
Gen AI is emerging simultaneously 
everywhere and impacting the pace 
of change of other technologies.
For Tata Motors, AI/Gen AI presents 
huge opportunities in all aspects of the 
business, including how vehicles are 
conceived, how they are built and how 
they operate on the road. AI in vehicles 
is improving safety, increasing fuel 
efficiency, and providing drivers with 
enhanced connectivity features. This is 
the new context in which we craft our 
strategies for the future.
In this context, I am pleased to share 
that your Company made steady 
progress in FY25, navigating a complex 
operating environment with agility 
and focus, enabling consistent 
progress across our portfolio while 
reinforcing the foundations of 
a resilient, customer‑centric, and 
future‑ready organisation.
While performance varied across 
segments, each of our automotive 
businesses — Commercial Vehicles (CV), 
Passenger Vehicles (PV), and Jaguar Land 
Rover (JLR), remained aligned to their 
strategic priorities and demonstrated 
tangible progress across key areas.
Your Company successfully addressed 
several challenges during the year, 
including geopolitical turbulence, 
challenges with global supply chains, 
and a fluctuating demand for autos in 
certain markets.
On a consolidated basis, the business 
delivered several key milestones, 
including record high revenue of 
I4,39,695 crore, EBITDA of I57,649 
crore, and record high PBT (before 
exceptional items) of I34,330 crore 
leading to the group becoming debt 
free this year. 
06