Solving complex challenges at scale
With a proven legacy of social impact 
and our footprint of existing operations 
in India and globally, we are uniquely 
positioned to drive large‑scale, 
transformative change through our 
philanthropic initiatives. Through 
long‑term, lifecycle investments in 
health, education, community well‑
being and economic empowerment 
‑ our big bets ‑ we aspire to catalyse 
change that can break intergenerational 
cycles of poverty and create long‑term, 
sustainable impact.
Tata Steel’s Project MANSI (Maternal 
and Newborn Survival Initiative) trains 
and equips social health workers (ASHA) 
to provide life‑saving maternal and 
newborn care. MANSI now covers 1,700 
villages across Jharkhand and Odisha 
and is significantly improving maternal 
and child health services in remote 
areas. Tata Motors runs the Malnutrition 
Treatment Centre (MTC) in Jharkhand 
with the state government.
Titan Kanya has empowered over 
65,000 young women through quality 
learning opportunities since 2013, while 
TCS’s Literacy as a Service (LaaS) has 
scaled to reach more than one million 
people, fostering lifelong learning and 
economic empowerment.
Our skilling programme, Tata STRIVE, has 
focused on providing underprivileged 
communities access to quality skill 
training with an aim to enable livelihood 
linkages. The programme has touched 
over 1.8 million lives across 21 states 
over the past decade.
Serving the underserved
Communities and their well‑being have 
always been integral to our commitment 
to building strong links between our 
businesses and social responsibility. 
We deepen this commitment by 
prioritising geographies and Groups that 
have been historically excluded from 
mainstream development. Using the 
Tata Affirmative Action Policy (TAAP), 
the Group has created pathways for 
inclusive growth and long‑term impact, 
reflecting its commitment to fostering 
equity and opportunity.
Tata AutoComp’s Café Dil and IHCL’s 
Blind Bakes Café are initiatives that 
empower neurodivergent and visually 
impaired youths by providing hands‑
on skilling in barista training, café 
management, and social interaction. 
These initiatives create real‑world 
employment opportunities while 
promoting corporate sensitivity and 
inclusive workforce practices.
From indigenous innovation 
to impact
The Group believes technology designed 
in partnership with communities can 
amplify indigenous and grassroots‑
level innovative solutions that can help 
bridge gaps in education, healthcare, 
and climate resilience. From designing 
curricula to train visually impaired 
students to use AI to monitoring 
water levels in community‑managed 
watershed structures using satellite 
and drone imagery and leveraging 
technology to enhance access to primary 
health care services – Tata Group 
companies are taking pioneering 
steps to integrate new and emerging 
technologies into our work with 
communities. Through learning‑led 
explorations and partnerships with 
leading technology service providers, 
innovators, and institutions, AI and 
technology are poised to become an 
even more instrumental part of our CSR 
programming over the next few years.
Harmonising people and planet
The Tata Group is committed to 
climate action and community‑centric, 
nature‑based solutions, integrating 
environmental stewardship into its CSR 
initiatives. Through programmes like 
Tata Capital’s Jalodhari, Tata Consumer 
Products Limited’s Jal Aadhar and 
Tata Power’s Amrutdhara, Tata Group 
companies work to enhance water 
conservation, restore ecosystems, 
and improve climate resilience in 
communities. The Vahli Whale Shark 
Conservation by Tata Chemicals 
has rescued and rehabilitated over 
970 whale sharks along Gujarat’s 
coast, a benchmark for community‑
driven conservation.
$1 Bn
35
spent over the past five years 
Indian States and UTS 
>5 Mn lives
impacted in FY24 by CSR
5
Continents  
117