Cyber Security Governance
Cybersecurity governance includes a board member overseeing the cybersecurity strategy, and the executive management 
team,  including  the  CISO,  CDIO,  CTO,  and  CSO,  are  accountable  for  managing  cybersecurity.  The  Risk  Management 
Committee (RMC), along with the Technical Committee led by the Group CFO, includes senior leadership from Tata Motors 
and its IT team to manage related issues. In addition to that, the Risk Management Committee (RMC) of Tata Motors tracks 
all recent happenings related to cybersecurity risks on an ongoing and periodical basis.
6. 
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential 
services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action 
taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
No case reported till date.
7. 
Provide the following information relating to data breaches: 
a.   Number of instances of data breaches : Nil
b. 
Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers : Nil
c. 
Impact, if any, of the data breaches : NA
Leadership Indicators
1. 
Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if 
available).
Details on products and services of the company can be accessed on the company’s website, social media handles, mobile 
apps like E-Dukaan, FleetEdge, E-Bandhu and by connecting with Customer service on 1800 209 7979 and also the following 
web links.
https://trucks.tatamotors.com/
https://www.tatamotors.com/about-us/
https://edukaan.home.tatamotors/#/
https://fleetedge.home.tatamotors/login
2.  Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption / discontinuation of essential services.
Not Applicable
3.  Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? If yes, 
provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major 
products / services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? 
The  Owner’s  Manual  document  for  all  products  contains  important  product  information,  instructions  for  safe  and  fuel 
efficient use of vehicles and customer support details. The Company has developed online resources for Channel Partners 
(Dealers,  Distributors,  TASS’s,  and  Retailers  etc.)  and  Key  Account  Customers  to  have  access  to  Online  Electronic  Parts 
Catalogues to easily identify required spare parts.
Customer Centricity has been intrinsic to our culture. The Company continuously strived to provide the best services to 
enhance our customer engagement. Regular customer satisfaction surveys are conducted to assess customer satisfaction 
levels,  post  sales  and  post  service.  Customer  service  quality  is  met  through  integration  of  our  Customer  Relationship 
Management and Dealer Management System (‘CRM – DMS’).
Note: To ensure transparency and comprehensiveness in our sustainability reporting to stakeholders, we have prepared a 
separate BRSR report. This report additionally includes details of Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger 
Electric Mobility Limited. It can be accessed through the following link: https://www.tatamotors.com/annual-reports/.
237