Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with ACGL
c.
d.
4.
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
Inter-corporate deposits taken aggregating to, not exceeding ₹250 crore 
outstanding at any point of time.
• 
• 
• 
Lock in Period of 2 days and thereafter on ‘demand to pay basis’
Tenure: up to 12 months.
 Interest rate: upto 8%; linked to Company’s Short term Borrowing 
Rate.
Repayment Schedule: Not Applicable.
The above inter-corporate deposits are under unsecured category.
• 
• 
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
To meet the working capital requirements of ACGL and the Company.
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the 
past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with report 
of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the electronic 
copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to Note 11 given 
in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of other RPTs, the 
pricing  mechanism  would  be  as  per  Arm’s  Length  criteria  based  on  the 
market price or alternative pricing method of relevant materials and/or 
services. Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable, 
shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements 
/ recoveries, same would be basis actual cost incurred.
5.
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
Mr  Girish  Wagh,  Executive  Director  and  KMP  of  the  Company  is  also  a 
Non-Executive Director on the Board of ACGL.
6.
Any other information that may be relevant
His interest, concern, or that of his relatives, is limited only to the extent 
of his holding directorship / KMP position in the Company and ACGL.
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 12 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 12 of the 
Notice convening this AGM, for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No. 12 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction(s) or not.
Item No. 13
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company with Tata Technologies Limited (‘TTL’) including the information required to be 
disclosed  in  the  Explanatory  Statement  pursuant  to  the  SEBI  Master  Circular  No.  SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120  dated  
July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TTL
1
a.
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise)
TTL is a subsidiary of the Company. The Company holds 55.22% shares of 
TTL. The Company is a Promoter of TTL.. TTL is in the business of providing 
product  engineering  services  which  caters  to  the  global  manufacturing 
industry;  enabling  ambitious  manufacturing  companies  (including  the 
Company) to design and build better products.   
is  a  Related  Party  of  the  Company,  as  on  the  date  of 
TTL 
this Notice.
544