Subsequently, these are measured at fair value and changes therein are recognised directly in other comprehensive 
income, net of applicable income taxes.
Dividends from these equity investments are recognised in the statement of Profit and Loss when the right to 
receive payment has been established. When the equity investment is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss 
in equity is transferred to retained earnings.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (Debt instruments): Financial assets having 
contractual  terms  that  give  rise  on  specified  dates,  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of  principal  and 
interest on the principal outstanding and that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold such 
assets in order to collect such contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial asset, are classified in this 
category. Subsequently, these are measured at fair value, with unrealised gains or losses being recognised in 
other comprehensive income apart from any expected credit losses or foreign exchange gains or losses, which 
are recognised in profit or loss.
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss: Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit 
and loss unless it is measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income on initial 
recognition. The transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit and loss are immediately recognised in profit and loss.
Classification and measurement – financial liabilities:
Financial  liabilities  are  classified  as  measured  at  amortised  cost  or  FVTPL.  A  financial  liability  is  classified  as 
at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, 
are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or 
loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.
Financial guarantee contracts: These are initially measured at their fair values and, are subsequently measured 
at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined or the amount initially recognised less, the cumulative 
amount of income recognised.
Other financial liabilities: These are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Equity instruments:
An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  residual  interests  in  the  assets  of  the  Company  after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, 
net of direct issue costs.
ii)  Determination of fair value:
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or 
estimated using another valuation technique.
The fair value of a financial instrument on initial recognition is normally the transaction price (fair value of the 
consideration given or received).
In estimating the fair value of an asset or liability, the Company takes into account the characteristics of the asset 
or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability 
at the measurement date.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the Company determines the fair value of financial instruments that are quoted 
in  active  markets  using  the  quoted  bid  prices  (financial  assets  held)  or  quoted  ask  prices  (financial  liabilities 
held) and using valuation techniques for other instruments. Valuation techniques include discounted cash flow 
method and other valuation methods.
iii)  Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities:
The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset 
expires or it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to 
485