Governance
Prioritising cybersecurity in 
a transforming world
As a leading global innovator, Tata Motors recognises the critical importance of 
robust cybersecurity. We leverage technology to safeguard information assets, 
ensure customer privacy, and minimise human risk. Ever vigilant of evolving 
cyber‑threats, our efforts proactively minimise information security vulnerabilities 
while enhancing customer experiences and shareholder value.
Our commitment to cyber resilience
•  Documented and tested:  
A comprehensive Business Continuity Plan and Incident Response 
Procedure are in place, reinforced by biannual disaster recovery drills 
ensuring effectiveness.
• 
ISO-certified excellence:  
Our ISO 27001:2022 certification reflects our commitment to information 
security. We maintain 28 Information Security Management System (ISMS) 
policies subject to annual review and audit. Furthermore, the iProtect 
awareness and E‑module training on Cybersecurity awareness campaign 
empowers employees to actively participate in information security.
•  Customer privacy first:  
Customer privacy is paramount, governed by the strong data privacy principles, 
and Indian Privacy Act with a detailed privacy notice outlining data handling 
procedures, applicable to all personal data received from the European 
Economic Area (EEA).
•  Connected Vehicle Platform Security:  
Tata Motors has taken significant and adequate cyber security protection 
measures for its connected vehicle platform for all the segments.
Cybersecurity governance
Tata Motors prioritises strong 
governance structures for 
cybersecurity. Cybersecurity 
governance includes a board member 
overseeing the cybersecurity strategy, 
and the executive management 
team, including the CDIO, CISO, 
CTO and CSO, are accountable 
for managing cybersecurity. 
The Technical Committee, led by the 
Board of Directors, includes senior 
leadership from Tata Motors and its 
IT team to manage related issues. 
In addition to this, Risk Management 
Committee of Tata Motors track all 
the recent happenings related to 
Cybersecurity risks on an ongoing and 
periodical basis.
ZERO
Incidents of IT 
security breaches
ZERO
Breaches of 
customer privacy
146