1  Background and operations
Tata  Motors  Limited  and  its  subsidiaries,  collectively 
referred  to  as  (“the  Company”  or  “Tata  Motors”), 
designs,  manufactures  and  sells  a  wide  range  of 
automotive  vehicles.  The  Company  also  manufactures 
engines  for  industrial  applications,  aggregates  such 
as  axles  and  transmissions  for  commercial  vehicles 
and  factory  automation  equipment,  and  provides 
information technology services.
in 
is  a  public 
India  and  has 
limited  company 
Tata  Motors  Limited 
incorporated  and  domiciled 
its 
registered  office  at  Mumbai,  Maharashtra,  India.  As  at 
March  31,  2025,  Tata  Sons  Private  Limited,  together 
with  its  subsidiaries  and  joint  venture  owns  42.51%  of 
the  Ordinary  shares  and  has  the  ability  to  significantly 
influence the Company’s operation.
The  Company’s  subsidiaries  includes  the  Jaguar  Land 
Rover business (referred to as JLR or Jaguar Land Rover).
The consolidated financial statements were approved by 
the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on May 
13, 2025.
2  Material accounting policies
(a)  Statement of compliance
These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared 
in  accordance  with  Ind  AS  as  notified  under  the 
Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards)  Rules, 
2015 read with Section 133 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) as amended from time to time.
(b)  Basis of preparation 
The  consolidated  financial  statements  have 
been  prepared  on  historical  cost  basis  except  for 
certain  financial  instruments  which  are  measured 
at  fair  value  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period 
as  explained  in  the  accounting  policies  below. 
These  consolidated  financial  statements  are 
presented  in  Indian  Rupees  (INR),  which  is  also 
the  Company’s  functional  currency.  All  amounts 
have  been  rounded  to  the  nearest  crores,  unless 
otherwise indicated. “0” refers to amount less than 
₹0.50 crore.
(c)  Basis of consolidation
Subsidiaries
The consolidated financial statements include Tata 
Motors  Limited  and  its  subsidiaries.  Subsidiaries 
are  entities  controlled  by  the  Company.  Control 
exists  when  the  Company  (a)  has  power  over 
315
the  investee,  (b)  it  is  exposed,  or  has  rights,  to 
variable  returns  from  its  involvement  with  the 
investee  and  (c)  has  the  ability  to  affect  those 
returns  through 
its  power  to  direct  relevant 
activities  of  the  investee.  Relevant  activities  are 
those activities that significantly affect an entity’s 
returns.  The  Company  reassesses  whether  or  not 
it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances 
indicate  that  there  are  changes  to  one  or  more 
of  the  three  elements  listed  above.  In  assessing 
control,  potential  voting  rights  that  currently  are 
exercisable  and  other  contractual  arrangements 
that may influence control are taken into account. 
The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of 
during  the  year  are  included  in  the  consolidated 
financial  statements  from  the  effective  date  of 
acquisition and up to the effective date of disposal, 
as appropriate.
Inter-company 
balances 
transactions 
including  unrealised  profits  are  eliminated  in  full 
on consolidation.
and 
in 
interests 
the  net  assets 
Non-controlling 
(excluding  goodwill)  of  consolidated  subsidiaries 
are 
identified  separately  from  the  Company’s 
equity. The interest of non-controlling shareholders 
may  be  initially  measured  either  at  fair  value  or 
at  the  non-controlling  interests’  proportionate 
share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable 
net  assets.  The  choice  of  measurement  basis 
is  made  on  an  acquisition-by-acquisition  basis. 
Subsequent  to  acquisition,  the  carrying  amount 
of  non-controlling  interests  is  the  amount  of 
those interests at initial recognition plus the non-
controlling interests’ share of subsequent changes 
in equity. Total comprehensive income is attributed 
to non-controlling interests even if it results in the 
non-controlling  interest  having  a  deficit  balance. 
Changes in the Company’s interests in subsidiaries 
that do not result in a loss of control are accounted 
for as equity transactions. The carrying amount of 
the  Company’s  interests  and  the  non-controlling 
interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their 
relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference 
between the amount by which the non-controlling 
interests  are  adjusted  and  the  fair  value  of  the 
consideration paid or received is recognised directly 
in equity and attributed to owners of the Company. 
When  the  Company  loses  control  of  a  subsidiary, 
the  profit  or  loss  on  disposal  is  calculated  as  the 
difference  between  (i)  the  aggregate  of  the  fair 
value of consideration received and the fair value of 
any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying 
amount  of  the  assets  (including  goodwill),  and