Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed to the Report 
as Annexure-1.
A  statement  containing  particulars  of  top  10  employees 
and  particulars  of  employees  as  required  under  Section  
197(12)  of  the  Act  read  with  Rule  5(2)  and  (3)  of  the 
Companies  (Appointment  and  Remuneration  of  Managerial 
Personnel)  Rules,  2014  is  provided  as  a  separate  Annexure 
forming  part  of  this  report.  In  terms  of  proviso  to  Section 
136(1)  of  the  Act,  the  Report  and  Accounts  are  being  sent 
to  the  Shareholders,  excluding  the  aforesaid  Annexure.  The 
said  Statement  is  also  open  for  inspection.  Any  member 
interested  in  obtaining  a  copy  of  the  same  may  write 
to  the  Company  Secretary  at 
inv_rel@tatamotors.com. 
None of the employees listed in the said Annexure are related 
to any Director of the Company.
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
the  Business  Responsibility  and  Sustainability  Report 
(‘BRSR’)  on  initiatives  taken  from  an  environmental,  social 
and  governance  perspective,  in  the  prescribed  format  is 
available  as  a  separate  section  of  the  Annual  Report  and  is 
also available on the Company’s website URL: https://www.
tatamotors.com/annual-reports/
In  terms  of  SEBI  Listing  Regulations,  the  Company  has 
obtained,  BRSR  Reasonable  assurance  on  BRSR  Core 
Indicators from KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP 
on a standalone basis.
SAFETY & HEALTH – PERFORMANCE & 
INITIATIVES
SAFETY
Safety  is  not  merely  a  compliance  protocol,  but  a  core 
organizational  value  and  an  unwavering  commitment 
that  underpins  the  Company’s  operations.  Guided  by  ISO 
45001:2018-aligned Integrated Safety Management System, 
the  Company  cultivated  a  robust  Zero  Harm  Culture  that 
protects lives, promotes well-being and prepares for mobility.
Occupational  Safety  is  governed  through  a  comprehensive, 
multi-tiered structure led by the Safety, Health & Sustainability 
(‘SHS’) Board & SHS Committee, supported by SHS Councils, 
Corporate  Sub-Committees  and  Plant  Apex  Committees. 
This  seamless  strategic-to-operational  integration  ensures 
effective safety management.
In FY25, the Company’s safety agenda was anchored through 
four strategic focus areas:
• 
Leadership  Behavior  &  Governance  for  a  Zero  Harm 
Culture:  the  Company  reinforced  its  Safety  Culture 
through  sustained 
Model 
leadership  engagement 
and  extensive  communication  across  all  levels  of  the 
organization.  Eight  key 
leadership  behaviors  were 
embedded through multiple forums, complemented by 
simplified and revised Safety Standards developed with 
DSS+  inputs,  including  standards  for  Electric  Vehicles, 
Hydrogen, LNG, and Renewable Energy systems.
Business  Partner  Safety  Management:  the  Company’s 
Business Partner Safety Program, built on six key levers 
and risk-based categorization, has been deployed across 
all  vendor  categories.  the  Company  completed  Star 
Rating assessments for 370 partners and instituted 169 
Self-Managed Teams (SMTs) across plants, with a clear 
roadmap  for  capability  progression.  Additionally,  the 
Company has established specially curated programs on 
driver dignity and conservancy staff amenities as part of 
the Company’s dignity and inclusion efforts.
Digital & AI for Safety: Five themes guide the Company’s 
digital  safety  transformation  -  Connected  Workforce, 
Video Analytics, Connected Assets, Safety Management 
Systems,  and  Experiential  Learning.  The  Company  has 
developed 23 AI models to drive predictive safety, while 
deploying 1,137 controls across all plants.
Reward & Recognition Culture: A structured recognition 
framework  celebrates  safety  champions  across  the 
Company  and  Business  Partners  through  Spot  Awards, 
Best SMT recognitions, Safety Point Leaders and Safety 
Stewards. Plant-level Safety Competitions and quarterly 
Business  Partner  Reward  Programs  further  incentivize 
proactive safety practices.
• 
• 
• 
These  concerted  efforts  have  delivered  tangible  results. 
In  FY25,  the  Company  achieved  a  25.7%  reduction  in  Total 
Recordable Case Frequency Rate (TRCFR) (from 0.74 to 0.55) 
and a 37.5% improvement in Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate 
(LTIFR) (from 0.24 to 0.15). Total Recordable Cases (TRC) cases 
dropped by 29% compared to the previous year.
However, despite our vigilant approach, the Company deeply 
regret  one  fatal  incident  during  the  year.  A  comprehensive 
investigation  was  carried  out 
followed  by  systemic 
corrective  actions,  which  are  now  institutionalized  across 
the organization.
Looking  ahead,  the  Company  remains  steadfast  in  the 
commitment  to  embedding  safety  into  every  process  and 
decision—leveraging  digital  intelligence,  fostering  inclusive 
partnerships  with  the  business  partners  and  building  a 
resilient, Zero Harm workplace driven through the Company’s 
Safety culture model and eight leadership behaviors.
HEALTH
Under  Health  &  Wellness,  various  prevention  strategies 
like  primordial  prevention  (digital  wellness,  cardiac  Q  risk 
158