The  Board  recommends  the  Ordinary  Resolution  set  out 
at  Item  No.  7  of  the  accompanying  Notice  for  approval  by 
the Members.
None  of  the  Directors,  Key  Managerial  Personnel  or  their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
Item No. 8
Pursuant to Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies 
(Audit  and  Auditors)  Rules,  2014,  as  amended  from  time 
to  time,  the  Company  is  required  to  audit  its  cost  accounts 
relating  to  such  products  manufactured  by  the  Company 
covered under the Central Excise Tariff Act, 1985, as prescribed 
under Section 148 of the Act and the Companies (Cost Records 
and  Audit)  Rules,  2014,  conducted  by  a  Cost  Accountant. 
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the 
Board  had,  at  its  meeting  held  on  May  13,  2025,  approved 
the  re-appointment  of  M/s  Mani  &  Co.,  Cost  Accountants 
(Firm  Registration  No.  000004)  as  the  Cost  Auditors  of  the 
Company to conduct audit of cost records maintained by the 
Company,  pertaining  to  the  relevant  products,  for  FY26  at 
a  remuneration  of  ₹6,00,000/-  (Rupees  Six  Lakhs  Only)  plus 
applicable taxes, out-of-pocket  and other expenses.
In  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  148  of 
the  Act  read  with  Rule  14  of  the  Companies  (Audit  and 
Auditors)  Rules,  2014,  as  amended  from  time  to  time, 
ratification  for  the  remuneration  payable  to  the  Cost 
Auditors  to  audit  the  cost  records  of  the  Company  for  the 
said  financial  year  by  way  of  an  Ordinary  Resolution  is 
being sought from the Members as set out at Item No. 9 of 
the accompanying Notice.
M/s  Mani  &  Co.  have  furnished  a  certificate  dated  
April  25,  2025  regarding  their  eligibility  for  appointment  as 
Cost Auditors of the Company. They have vast experience in 
the  field  of  cost  audit  and  have  conducted  the  audit  of  the 
cost  records  of  the  Company  for  previous  years  under  the 
provisions of the Act.
The  Board  recommends  the  Ordinary  Resolution  set  out  at 
Item  No.  8  of  the  accompanying  Notice  for  approval  by  the 
Members. None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company or their relatives are, in any way, concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
Item No. 9
its  global  aspirations,  the  Company  has 
line  with 
In 
undertaken  /  would  undertake  projects/establishments  in 
and  outside  India  for  setting  up  manufacturing  facilities, 
showrooms, service centers and offices as branch offices of 
the  Company.  Whilst  generally  and  to  the  extent  possible, 
the Company would appoint its auditors for the said branch 
offices,  in  some  cases/jurisdictions  it  may  not  be  possible/ 
practical  to  appoint  them  and  the  Company  would  be 
required  to  appoint  an  accountant  or  any  other  person 
duly  qualified  to  act  as  an  auditor  to  audit  the  accounts  of 
the  said  branch  offices  in  accordance  with  the  laws  of  that 
country. To enable the Directors to appoint Branch Auditors 
for  the  purpose  of  auditing  the  accounts  of  the  Company’s 
Branch Offices outside India (whether now existing or as may 
be  established),  necessary  authorisation  of  the  Members  is 
being obtained in accordance with the provisions of Section 
143 of the Act, in terms of the Resolution at Item No. 9 of the 
accompanying Notice.
The  Board  recommends  the  Ordinary  Resolution  set  out  at 
Item  No.  9  of  the  accompanying  Notice  for  approval  by  the 
Members. None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
or  their  relatives  are,  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
Item Nos. 10 to 28
Regulation  23  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of 
India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) 
Regulations,  2015  (‘SEBI  Listing  Regulations’),  inter  alia, 
states  that  all  Material  Related  Party  Transactions  (‘RPTs’) 
shall require prior approval of the Members by means of an 
Ordinary  Resolution,  even  if  such  transaction(s)  are  in  the 
ordinary  course  of  business  and  at  an  arm’s  length  pricing 
basis. A transaction with a Related Party shall be considered 
material, if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or 
taken together with previous transactions during a financial 
year, exceeds ₹1,000 crore or 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover  of  a  listed  entity  as  per  the  last  audited  financial 
statements of the listed entity, whichever is lower.
Further, Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI Listing Regulations has 
provided the definition of related party and Regulation 2(1)
(zc) of the SEBI Listing Regulations has defined related party 
transaction  to  include  a  transaction  involving  a  transfer  of 
resources, services or obligations between (i) a listed entity 
or any of its subsidiaries on one hand and a related party of 
the listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on the other hand; 
or (ii) a listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on one hand and 
any  other  person  or  entity  on  the  other  hand,  the  purpose 
and effect of which is to benefit any related party of the listed 
entity or any of its subsidiaries, regardless of whether a price 
is charged or not.
In view of the above, Resolution Nos. 10 to 28 are placed for 
approval by the Members of the Company. As mentioned in 
the Board’s Report, the list of the subsidiaries, associate and 
joint arrangements of the Company is available of the website 
on the Company.
The  Management  has  provided  the  Audit  Committee  with 
relevant  details  of  the  proposed  RPTs,  including  material  
terms  and  basis  of  pricing.  The  Audit  Committee,  after 
reviewing all necessary information, has granted its approval 
for  entering  into  the  below  mentioned  RPTs,  subject  to 
approval  by  the  Members  at  the  ensuing  Annual  General 
Meeting.  The  Audit  Committee  has  noted  that  the  said 
transaction(s) will be at an arm’s length pricing basis and will 
be in the ordinary course of business of the Company.
539