b.  Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages
FY 25
 5.2
FY 24
4.6
4.  Do you have a focal point (Individual / Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or 
contributed to by the business? 
All our Human Resource Policies and initiatives, directly or indirectly, promote the preservation and promotion of Human 
Rights. Tata Motors acknowledges the upholding of human rights as a fundamental element of its business operations. The 
company is committed to respecting and safeguarding the human rights of all stakeholders and addressing any adverse 
human rights impacts arising from its operations.
The  Company  has  adopted  a  Policy  on  Prevention,  Prohibition,  and  Redressal  of  Sexual  Harassment  at  the  workplace 
in  line  with  the  provisions  of  the  Sexual  Harassment  of  Women  at  Workplace  (Prevention,  Prohibition,  and  Redressal) 
Act, 2013, and the rules framed thereunder. Internal Committees are in place for all works and offices of the Company 
to  redress  complaints  received  regarding  sexual  harassment.  Protection  of  human  rights,  impacts,  or  issues  caused  by 
business is covered under TCoC. The Company has an ethics helpline where anyone can place anonymous complaints of 
alleged violations. 
The ethics helpline can be reached in the following ways:
1.  A Whistle-blower can report his/her ethical concerns by either calling the toll-free number - 000 800-0502-221 or by 
accessing the web portal at ‘tatamotors.ethicspoint.com’ or by email to ethicsoffice@tatamotors.com. Concerns can 
be submitted in multiple languages.
2.  Written application: Concerns can also be reported in writing to the Chief Ethics Counsellor, Chairman of the Audit 
Committee, or other members of senior management.
5.  Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
Tata  Motors  is  dedicated  to  managing  its  operations  with  fairness  and  transparency,  maintaining  the  highest  levels  of 
professionalism,  honesty,  integrity,  and  ethical  conduct.  In  line  with  this  commitment,  the  Company  has  implemented 
the Tata Code of Conduct, which sets forth the principles and standards that govern the actions of both the Company and 
its employees.
Tata Motors also has a Whistle Blower Mechanism in place to encourage the reporting of violations of the Tata Code of 
Conduct, including human rights violations. This mechanism is governed by the Whistle-blower Policy. The whistle-blower 
helpline can be reached in the following ways:
1.  A whistle-blower can report his/her ethical concerns by either calling the toll-free number – 000 800 0502 221 or by 
accessing the web portal at ‘tatamotors.ethicspoint.com’. Concerns can be submitted in multiple languages.
2.  Written application: Concerns can also be reported in writing to the Chief Ethics Counsellor or the Chairman of the 
Audit Committee.
The Company has a governance mechanism in place to ensure confidentiality and protection of the whistle-blower from 
any harassment or victimization.
Any actual or potential breach of the Tata Code of Conduct, no matter how minor it may seem, is regarded as a serious 
concern by the Company. Upon receiving any concern, it is thoroughly investigated. The facts and evidence gathered during 
the investigation are evaluated by the Ethics Counsel members. If the violations are proven, the Ethics Counsellor members, 
in consultation with the Chief Ethics Counsellor or the Apex Ethics Committee, shall recommend the consequential action, 
taking into consideration the nature, gravity, and quantum of the issues noted.
The Company has a Consequence Management Policy in place, which lays down the consequences or actions to be taken 
in case of violation of the Tata Code of Conduct. Consequences for violations range from formal warnings and performance 
management downgrades for first instances, ultimately leading to termination or resignation.
221