Sr. No. Description
5.
Name  of  the  Director  or  Key  Managerial 
Personnel (‘KMP’) who is related, if any and 
the nature of their relationship
Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL and TPEML with TACO
TPEML
TMPVL
Mrs  Usha  Sangwan,  Independent  Director 
of  the  Company  is  also  an  Independent 
Director on the Board of TMPVL. 
Independent 
Ms  Vedika  Bhandarkar, 
Director  of  the  Company 
is  also  an 
Independent  Director  on  the  Board  of 
TPEML. 
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer 
and KMP of the Company is the Chairman 
and a Non- Executive Director on the Board 
of TMPVL. 
Mrs  Usha  Sangwan,  Independent  Director 
of  the  Company  is  also  an  Independent 
Director on the Board of TPEML. 
Their  interest  or  concern  or  that  of  their 
respective  relatives,  is  limited  only  to  the 
extent of their holding directorship / KMP 
position in TMPVL.   
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer 
and KMP of the Company is the Chairman 
and a Non-Executive Director on the Board 
of TPEML. 
None  of  the  Directors  or  KMP  of  the 
Company are Directors or KMP of TACO.
Their  interest  or  concern  or  that  of  their 
respective  relatives,  is  limited  only  to  the 
extent of their holding directorship / KMP 
position in TPEML. 
None  of  the  Directors  or  KMP  of  the 
Company are Directors or KMP of TACO. 
6.
Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement setting out material 
facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 18 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 18 of the 
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote to approve 
the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 18 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction 
or not.
Item No. 19
Details of the proposed RPTs of Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’) with Taco Prestolite Electric Private Limited 
(‘TPEPL’) including the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 
dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No.
1.
a.
Description
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs:
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise)
TPEPL  is  a  subsidiary  of  Tata  AutoComp  Systems  Limited  (‘TACO’),  an 
associate of the Company.
Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TPEPL
TPEPL is an equal JV entered during FY22 between TACO and China-based 
Prestolite Electric (Beijing) Limited. The company designs, manufactures 
and supplies electric drivetrain solutions, having its manufacturing unit 
in Pune, Maharashtra. The key customer is TMPVL, which accounts for 
more than 95% of revenue. TMPVL is 100% subsidiary of the Company.
b.
Type,  material  terms,  tenure,  monetary  value  and 
particulars of the proposed RPTs
TMPVL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and undertakes its 
passenger vehicles business as a separate entity w.e.f. January 1, 2022
TMPVL and TPEPL are Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of 
this Notice.
TMPVL and TPEPL have entered into / propose to enter into the following 
RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,100 crore:
• 
• 
• 
• 
Purchase of goods
Sale of goods
Availment of services
Rendering of services
556