43  Financial instruments
(A)  Accounting policy
(i)  Recognition
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or 
equity instrument of another entity. Trade receivables and debt securities issued are initially recognised when 
they are originated. All other financial instruments are initially recognised when the Company becomes a party 
to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Initial measurement
Financial  instruments  are  initially  recognised  at  its  fair  value.  Transaction  costs  directly  attributable  to  the 
acquisition  or  issue  of  financial  instruments  are  recognised  in  determining  the  carrying  amount,  if  it  is  not 
classified  as  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.  However,  trade  receivables  that  do  not  contain  a  significant 
financing component are measured at transaction price. Transaction costs of financial instruments carried at fair 
value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss
Subsequently, financial instruments are measured according to the category in which they are classified.
Classification and measurement – financial assets
Classification of financial assets is based on the business model in which the instruments are held as well as the 
characteristics of their contractual cash flows. The business model is based on management’s intentions and 
past pattern of transactions. Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when 
determining  whether  their  cash  flows  are  solely  payment  of  principal  and  interest.  The  Company  reclassifies 
financial assets when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
Financial assets are classified into three categories
Financial assets at amortised cost: Financial assets having contractual terms that give rise on specified dates 
to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal outstanding and that are held 
within a business model whose objective is to hold such assets in order to collect such contractual cash flows 
are classified in this category. Subsequently, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
method less any impairment losses.
Equity  investments  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income  (Equity  instruments):  These  include 
financial  assets  that  are  equity  instruments  and  are  designated  as  such  upon  initial  recognition  irrevocably. 
Subsequently, these are measured at fair value and changes therein are recognised directly in other comprehensive 
income, net of applicable income taxes.
Dividends from these equity investments are recognised in the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss when 
the right to receive payment has been established.
When  the  equity  investment  is  derecognised,  the  cumulative  gain  or  loss  in  equity  is  transferred  to 
retained earnings.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (Debt instruments): Financial assets having 
contractual  terms  that  give  rise  on  specified  dates,  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of  principal  and 
interest on the principal outstanding and that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold such 
assets in order to collect such contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial asset, are classified in this 
category. Subsequently, these are measured at fair value, with unrealised gains or losses being recognised in 
other comprehensive income apart from any expected credit losses or foreign exchange gains or losses, which 
are recognised in profit or loss.
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss: Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit 
and loss unless it is measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income on initial 
recognition. The transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit and loss are immediately recognised in profit and loss.
385