(xii)  According to the information and explanations given to 
us,  the  Company  is  not  a  Nidhi  Company.  Accordingly, 
clause 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii) of the Order 
is not applicable.
(xiii)  In  our  opinion  and  according  to  the  information  and 
explanations  given  to  us,  the  transactions  with  related 
parties  are  in  compliance  with  Section  177  and  188  of 
the Act, where applicable, and the details of the related 
party transactions have been disclosed in the standalone 
financial  statements  as  required  by  the  applicable 
accounting standards.
(xiv)  (a)  Based  on  information  and  explanations  provided 
to  us  and  our  audit  procedures,  in  our  opinion, 
the  Company  has  an 
internal  audit  system 
commensurate  with  the  size  and  nature  of 
its business.
(b)  We  have  considered  the  internal  audit  reports 
of  the  Company  issued  till  date  for  the  period 
under audit.
(xv)  In  our  opinion  and  according  to  the  information  and 
explanations given to us, the Company has not entered 
its  directors 
into  any  non-cash  transactions  with 
or  persons  connected  to  its  directors  and  hence, 
provisions of Section 192 of the Act are not applicable to 
the Company.
(xvi)  (a)  The  Company  is  not  required  to  be  registered 
under  Section  45-IA  of  the  Reserve  Bank  of  India 
Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the Order 
is not applicable.
(b)  The  Company  is  not  required  to  be  registered 
under  Section  45-IA  of  the  Reserve  Bank  of  India 
Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order 
is not applicable.
(c)  The  Company  is  not  a  Core  Investment  Company 
(CIC)  as  defined  in  the  regulations  made  by  the 
Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) 
of the Order is not applicable.
(d)  According  to  the  information  and  explanations 
provided  to  us,  the  Group  (as  per  the  provisions 
of the Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) 
Directions,  2016)  has  more  than  one  CIC  as  part 
of  the  Group.  The  Group  has  five  CICs  which  are 
registered with the Reserve Bank of India and one 
CIC which is not required to be registered with the 
Reserve Bank of India.
(xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current 
and in the immediately preceding financial year.
(xix)  According to the information and explanations given to 
us  and  on  the  basis  of  the  financial  ratios,  ageing  and 
expected  dates  of  realisation  of  financial  assets  and 
payment  of  financial  liabilities,  our  knowledge  of  the 
Board  of  Directors  and  management  plans  and  based 
on  our  examination  of  the  evidence  supporting  the 
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which 
causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists 
as  on  the  date  of  the  audit  report  that  the  Company 
is  not  capable  of  meeting  its  liabilities  existing  at  the 
date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within 
a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, 
however,  state  that  this  is  not  an  assurance  as  to  the 
future  viability  of  the  Company.  We  further  state  that 
our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the 
audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any 
assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of 
one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged 
by the Company as and when they fall due.
Also  refer  to  the  Other  Information  paragraph  of 
our  main  audit  report  which  explains  that  the  other 
information  comprising  the  information  included  in 
annual  report  is  expected  to  be  made  available  to  us 
after the date of this auditor’s report. 
(xx)  In  our  opinion  and  according  to  the  information  and 
explanations  given  to  us,  there  is  no  unspent  amount 
under sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant 
to any project. Accordingly, clauses 3(xx)(a) and 3(xx)(b) 
of the Order are not applicable.
(xxi)  In  our  opinion  and  according  to  the  information  and 
explanations given to us, there are no qualifications or 
adverse  remarks  in  the  Companies  (Auditor’s  Report) 
Order,  2020  reports  of  the  joint  operation  company 
(including its subsidiary company) incorporated in India, 
included in the standalone financial statements.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Vijay Mathur
Partner
Membership No.: 046476
ICAI UDIN:25046476BMOWLY1411
Place: Mumbai
Date: 13 May 2025
429