e.  On  the  basis  of  the  written  representations 
received from the directors of the Company and its 
joint  operation  company  (including  its  subsidiary 
company) as on 1 April 2025 to 10 April 2025 taken 
on  record  by  the  respective  Board  of  Directors, 
none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 March 
2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of 
Section 164(2) of the Act.
f. 
the  modification  relating  to  the  maintenance  of 
accounts  and  other  matters  connected  therewith 
are  as  stated  in  the  paragraph  2(A)(b)  above  on 
reporting  under  Section  143(3)(b)  of  the  Act  and 
paragraph  2B(f)  below  on  reporting  under  Rule 
11(g)  of  the  Companies  (Audit  and  Auditors) 
Rules, 2014.
g.  With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls  with  reference  to  financial  statements 
of  the  Company  and  its  joint  operation  company 
(including  its  subsidiary  company)  incorporated 
in  India  and  the  operating  effectiveness  of  such 
controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure 
B”.
B.  With  respect  to  the  other  matters  to  be  included  in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies  (Audit  and  Auditors)  Rules,  2014,  in  our 
opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us:
a. 
b. 
c. 
d. 
The  Company  has  disclosed  the 
impact  of 
pending  litigations  as  at  31  March  2025  on  its 
financial  position 
its  standalone  financial 
statements  -  Refer  Note  39  to  the  standalone 
financial statements.
in 
The  Company  has  made  provision,  as  required 
under the applicable law or accounting standards, 
for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term 
contracts  including  derivative  contracts  –  Refer 
Note 50 (ii) to the standalone financial statements.
There  is  one  instance  of  delay  in  transferring 
amounts,  required  to  be  transferred,  to  the 
Investor  Education  and  Protection  Fund  by  the 
Company amounting to Rs. 0.08 crores during the 
year. Further, there were no amounts which were 
required to be transferred to the Investor Education 
and  Protection  Fund  by  the 
joint  operation 
company (including its subsidiary company).
(i)   The respective management of the Company 
and its joint operation company (including its 
subsidiary  company)  incorporated  in  India 
whose financial statements has been audited 
under the Act has represented to us that, to 
the  best  of  its  knowledge  and  belief,  other 
than  as  disclosed  in  the  Note  49  (IV)  to  the 
standalone  financial  statements,  no  funds 
have  been  advanced  or  loaned  or  invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share premium 
or any other sources or kind of funds) by the 
Company  and  its  joint  operation  company 
(including  its  subsidiary  company)  to  or  in 
any  other  person(s)  or  entity(ies),  including 
foreign  entities  (“Intermediaries”),  with  the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Intermediary shall directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Company and its joint 
operation  company  (including  its  subsidiary 
company) 
(“Ultimate  Beneficiaries”)  or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(ii)  The respective management of the Company 
and its joint operation company (including its 
subsidiary  company)  incorporated  in  India 
whose financial statements has been audited 
under the Act has represented to us that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in the Note 49 (V) to the standalone financial 
statements,  no  funds  have  been  received 
by  the  Company  and 
its  joint  operation 
company  (including  its  subsidiary  company) 
from  any  person(s)  or  entity(ies),  including 
foreign  entities  (“Funding  Parties”),  with  the 
understanding,  whether  recorded  in  writing 
or otherwise, that the Company and its joint 
operation  company  (including  its  subsidiary 
company)  shall  directly  or  indirectly,  lend  or 
invest  in  other  persons  or  entities  identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Funding Parties (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(iii)  Based on the audit procedures that have been 
considered  reasonable  and  appropriate  in 
the  circumstances,  nothing  has  come  to  our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (i) and (ii) above, 
contain any material misstatement.
e. 
The  final  dividend  paid  by  the  Company  during 
the  year,  in  respect  of  the  same  declared  for  the 
previous  year,  is  in  accordance  with  Section  123 
of  the  Act  to  the  extent  it  applies  to  payment 
of dividend.
422