liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling 
interests. Amounts previously recognised in other 
comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary 
are  accounted  for  (i.e.,  reclassified  to  profit  or 
loss)  in  the  same  manner  as  would  be  required  if 
the relevant assets or liabilities were disposed of. 
The  fair  value  of  any  investment  retained  in  the 
former subsidiary at the date when control is lost 
is  regarded  as  the  fair  value  on  initial  recognition 
for subsequent accounting or, when applicable, the 
cost  on  initial  recognition  of  an  investment  in  an 
associate or jointly controlled entity.
Interests in joint arrangements
A  joint  arrangement  is  an  arrangement  of  which 
two or more parties have joint control. Joint control 
is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an 
arrangement,  which  exists  only  when  decisions 
about the relevant activities require the unanimous 
consent of the parties sharing control.
joint  operations,  which  are 
Joint operations
Certain of the Company’s activities, are conducted 
through 
joint 
arrangements whereby the parties that have joint 
control  of  the  arrangement  have  rights  to  the 
assets,  and  obligations  for  the  liabilities,  relating 
to  the  arrangement.  The  Company  recognises,  in 
the  consolidated  financial  statements,  its  share 
of  the  assets,  liabilities,  income  and  expenses  of 
these  joint  operations  incurred  jointly  with  the 
other partners, along with its share of income from 
the  sale  of  the  output  and  any  assets,  liabilities 
and expenses that it has incurred in relation to the 
joint operation.
Joint ventures
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the 
parties that have joint control of the arrangement 
have  rights  to  the  net  assets  of  the  arrangement. 
The results, assets and liabilities of a joint venture 
are  incorporated  in  these  financial  statements 
using  the  equity  method  of  accounting  as 
described below.
Associates
Associates  are  those  entities  over  which  the 
Company  has  significant 
influence.  Significant 
influence is the power to participate in the financial 
and  operating  policy  decisions  of  the  investee 
but  is  not  control  or  joint  control  those  policies. 
Significant influence is presumed to exist when the 
Company  holds  20  percent  or  more  of  the  voting 
power  of  the  investee.  If  accounting  policies  of 
associates differ from those adopted by the Group, 
the  accounting  policies  of  associates  are  aligned 
with  those  of  the  Group.  The  results,  assets  and 
liabilities  of  associates  are  incorporated  in  these 
financial  statements  using  the  equity  method  of 
accounting as described below.
 Equity method of accounting (equity 
accounted investees)
An  interest  in  an  associate  or  joint  venture  is 
accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  from 
the  date  the  investee  becomes  an  associate  or  a 
joint  venture  and  are  recognised  initially  at  cost. 
The  carrying  value  of  investment  in  associates 
and  joint  ventures  includes  goodwill  identified 
on  date  of  acquisition,  net  of  any  accumulated 
impairment 
losses.  The  consolidated  financial 
statements include the Company’s share of profits 
or losses, other comprehensive income and equity 
movements of equity accounted investments, from 
the  date  that  significant  influence  or  joint  control 
commences until the date that significant influence 
or  joint  control  ceases.  When  the  Company’s 
share  of  losses  exceeds  its  interest  in  an  equity 
accounted investment, the carrying amount of that 
interest  (including  any  long-term  interests  in  the 
nature of net investments) is reduced to nil and the 
recognition of further losses is discontinued except 
to  the  extent  that  the  Company  has  incurred 
constructive  or  legal  obligations  or  has  made 
payments on behalf of the investee.
When the Company transacts with an associate or 
joint  venture  of  the  Company,  unrealised  profits 
and  losses  are  eliminated  to  the  extent  of  the 
Company’s interest in its associate or joint venture.
Dividends are recognised when the right to receive 
payment is established.
(d)  Business combination
Acquisitions  of  subsidiaries  and  businesses  are 
accounted  for  using  the  acquisition  method. 
Acquisition  related  costs  are  recognised  in  the 
consolidated  statements  of  profit  or 
loss  as 
incurred.  The  acquiree’s 
identifiable  assets, 
liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  that  meet  the 
conditions  for  recognition  are  recognised  at  their 
fair  value  at  the  acquisition  date,  except  certain 
assets  and  liabilities  that  are  required  to  be 
measured as per the applicable standard.
Purchase consideration in excess of the Company’s 
interest in the acquiree’s net fair value of identifiable 
316