Familiarisation  Programme:  Pursuant  to  the  provisions 
of  Regulation  25(7)  and  Regulation  46  of  the  SEBI  Listing 
Regulations,  kindly  refer  to  the  Company’s  website  https://
www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/
familiarisation-programme-independent-directors.pdf 
 for 
details  of  the  familiarisation  programme  for  IDs  on  their 
role,  rights,  responsibilities  in  the  Company,  nature  of  the 
industry in which the Company operates, business model of 
the Company and related matters.
THE COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
Given  below  is  the  composition  and  the  terms  of  reference 
of  various  Committees  constituted  by  the  Board,  inter  alia, 
including  the  details  of  meetings  held  during  the  year  and 
attendance thereat. All Committee decisions are taken, either 
at  the  meetings  of  the  Committee  or  by  passing  of  circular 
resolutions.  The  Company  Secretary  acts  as  the  Secretary 
for all the Committees. The Chairperson of each Committee 
briefs  the  Board  on  significant  discussions  at  the  meetings. 
During  the  year  under  review,  all  recommendations  made 
by  the  various  Committees  were  accepted  by  the  Board.  
The minutes of the meetings of all Committees of the Board 
are placed before the Board for noting.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The  Audit  Committee  functions  according  to  its  Charter 
that  defines  its  composition,  authority,  responsibility  and 
reporting  functions,  in  accordance  with  Section  177  of 
the  Act,  Regulation  18(3)  read  with  Part  C  of  Schedule  II 
of  the  SEBI  Listing  Regulations  and  is  reviewed  from  time 
to  time.  The  detailed  terms  of  reference  of  the  Audit 
Committee is available on the Company’s website at https://
www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/
audit_committee_charter.pdf  Given  below  is  a  gist  of  the 
responsibilities  of  the  Audit  Committee,  after  incorporating 
therein all applicable regulatory amendments:
i. 
Reviewing  with  the  Management,  quarterly/annual 
financial  statements  before  submission  to  the  Board, 
focusing primarily on:
- 
- 
The Company’s financial reporting process and the 
disclosure  of  its  financial  information,  including 
earnings, press release, to ensure that the financial 
statements are correct, sufficient and credible;
Reports  on  the  Management  Discussion  and 
Analysis of financial condition, results of Operations 
and the Directors’ Responsibility Statement;
-  Major accounting entries involving estimates based 
on exercise of judgment by Management;
- 
standards  and 
Compliance  with  accounting 
changes in accounting policies and practices as well 
as reasons thereof;
- 
- 
- 
- 
Draft  Audit  Report,  qualifications, 
significant adjustments arising out of audit;
if  any  and 
Scrutinize inter corporate loans and investments;
Disclosures  made  under  the  CEO  and  CFO 
certification; and
Approval  or  any  subsequent  modification  of 
transactions  with 
including 
omnibus related party transactions.
related  parties, 
Review  the  statement  of  uses/applications  of  funds 
by  major  category  and  the  statement  of  funds  utilized 
for  purposes  other  than  as  mentioned  in  the  offer 
document/prospectus/notice and the report submitted 
by  the  monitoring  agency  monitoring  the  utilization  of 
proceeds of a public or rights or private placement issue, 
and  make  appropriate  recommendations  to  the  Board 
to take up steps in this matter. These reviews are to be 
conducted  till  the  money  raised  through  the  issue  has 
been fully spent.
ii. 
iii.  Review  with  the  management,  Statutory  Auditors  and 
internal  auditor,  adequacy  of  internal  control  systems, 
identify  weakness  or  deficiencies  and  recommending 
improvements to the management.
iv.  Recommend the appointment/removal of the Statutory 
Auditors,  cost  auditor,  fixing  audit  fees  and  approving 
non-audit/consulting services provided by the Statutory 
Auditors’  firms  to  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries; 
evaluating 
auditors’  performance,  qualifications, 
experience,  independence  and  pending  proceedings 
relating to professional misconduct, if any.
v. 
Review the adequacy of internal audit function, including 
the structure of the internal audit department, staffing 
and  seniority  of  the  Chief  Internal  Auditor,  coverage 
and frequency of internal audit, appointment, removal, 
performance  and  terms  of  remuneration  of  the  Chief 
Internal Auditor.
vi.  Discuss  with 
the 
senior 
management,  significant  internal  audit  findings  and  
follow-up thereon.
internal  auditor  and 
vii.  Review  the  findings  of  any  internal  investigation  into 
matters  involving  suspected  fraud  or  irregularity  or  a 
failure of internal control systems of a material nature 
and report the matter to the Board.
viii.  Discuss  with  the  Statutory  Auditors  before  the  audit 
commences,  the  nature  and  scope  of  audit,  as  well  as 
conduct  post-audit  discussions  to  ascertain  any  area 
of concern.
ix.  Review  the  functioning  of  the  Vigil  Mechanism  under 
the Whistle-Blower Policy of the Company.
268