Strategic and 
performance review 
Expanding downstream 
opportunities
The Downstream Business has 
recorded five consecutive years 
of growth in spares and service 
penetration, while also expanding 
into new areas such as Tata Motors 
Automotive Fluids (TMAF), Aggregates, 
and Fleet Care. E‑Dukaan, the digital 
platform for genuine spare parts and 
automotive fluids, registered 47% 
year‑on‑year growth.
Accelerating our digital 
business
Fleet Edge, our advanced 
telematics‑based platform, now 
powers over 8,00,000 vehicles, 
delivering actionable insights to 
drivers and fleet owners. This has 
led to measurable improvements in 
operational efficiency and productivity. 
With a strong renewal rate, the 
platform continues to expand its 
footprint. The integration of Mileage 
Saarthi, a machine learning‑powered 
tool, has further enhanced its value 
proposition — enabling up to 6% 
improvement in real‑world fuel 
economy. Looking ahead, our strategic 
collaboration with Freight Tiger is set 
to deepen, with a clear focus on scaling 
subscriber growth, enriching solution 
offerings, and driving higher levels of 
active engagement.
Fleet Verse, our comprehensive and 
innovative digital marketplace for 
Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles, 
offers a seamless experience across 
vehicle discovery, configuration, 
acquisition, and financing. Designed 
to be future‑ready, it is evolving into 
a one‑stop digital destination for 
all commercial vehicle needs. The 
platform has now grown to a robust 
4,37,000 users and 45,062 retail 
partners, with 15% of total retail 
transactions now routed through it.
Advancing digitalisation
We have successfully deployed 
Industry 4.0 across seven strategic 
themes, driving measurable impact 
across operations. In Connected 
Manufacturing, we have achieved 
a 96% OTIF (On‑Time In‑Full) 
performance with end‑to‑end 
customer order visibility. Through 
Real‑Time Equipment Monitoring, 
100% of our energy consumption 
is now digitally tracked, enabling 
precise energy management. In Safety 
Enhancement, over 1,560 AI‑enabled 
safety cameras have been deployed 
to proactively monitor and mitigate 
risks. Our Flow House Management, 
SPD, and Logistics systems have been 
digitally integrated, connecting more 
than 500 vendors for real‑time order 
visibility and tracking. Finally, we 
have built a Digital‑Ready Workforce, 
all actively engaged in driving 
digital transformation.
Advancing sustainability efforts
Our actions continue on all 3 pillars of 
sustainability, viz. Net Zero Emissions, 
Pioneering Circularity and, preserving 
biodiversity and nature. In FY25, 
we reduced the Scope 3 emissions 
by 12% and achieved 45% renewable 
energy penetration. Our 3 plants 
have achieved a key milestone of 
being water neutral and generating 
zero waste to landfill. Tata ReWiRe 
started seven new registered vehicle 
scrappage facilities. Our volunteering 
efforts also grew, with per capita 
volunteering hours increased by a 
significant 70%, reflecting stronger 
employee engagement.
Strengthening product and 
technology leadership
Our unwavering commitment is 
to deliver superior total cost of 
ownership, higher vehicle uptime, 
and value‑added services that 
enhance customer productivity 
and operational efficiency. During 
the year, we made significant 
strides in product and technology 
leadership. We became the first Indian 
commercial vehicle manufacturer to 
receive ARAI certification for ADAS 
Level II, marking a key milestone in 
intelligent mobility. Reinforcing our 
focus on sustainable transportation, 
we initiated the first‑ever trials of 
hydrogen‑powered heavy‑duty trucks 
in India. Additionally, we achieved full 
compliance with the AIS:29 revised 
standards, significantly enhancing 
truck cabin safety and ensuring greater 
occupant protection in line with 
evolving regulatory requirements. 
These achievements underscore our 
commitment to innovation, safety, and 
environmental responsibility.
26