5. 
6. 
JLR  prepaid  two  loans  for  ¥1.5  billion  each  with 
local banks in China maturing in December 2025. In 
January 2025, JLR signed a new term loan at a value 
of $500 million, which increased to $650 million in 
March 2025 due to a $150 million accordion.
Jaguar Land Rover Ltd had sold receivables of $562 
million  equivalent  under  the  approximately  $900 
million  committed  of  invoice  discounting  facility, 
which was renewed in September 2024. Under the 
terms of this facility receivables are accounted as 
sold (through trade receivables in working capital) 
and therefore not accounted as debt under IFRS.
7.  Our subsidiaries TML Smart City Mobility Solutions 
Ltd  and  TML  Smart  City  Mobility  Solutions  (J&K) 
Pvt  Ltd  raised  funds  for  funding  e-buses  towards 
GCC  contracts.  A  cumulative  amount  of  ₹204 
crores was raised in FY25 for a term of 8-10 years 
through banks. An amount of ₹82 crores (including 
₹40  crores  in  TML  CV  Mobility  Solutions  Limited) 
was repaid in FY25. The banks have also sanctioned 
fund  based  working  capital  limits  of  ₹25  crores 
in FY25.
Short-term funding
As at March 31, 2025, the secured fund based working 
capital  limits  of  TML,  TMPVL  and  TPEML  were  ₹4,000 
crores, ₹1,800 crores and ₹1,200 crores, respectively of 
which  ₹2,920  crores,  ₹1,260  crores  and  ₹1,200  crores 
remained  unutilized.  Unsecured  fund  based  working 
capital limits of TML, TMPVL and TPEML were at ₹10,000 
crores,  ₹100  crores  and  ₹200  crores  which  remained 
fully  unutilized.  The  non-fund  based  limits  of  TML, 
TMPVL  and  TPEML  were  ₹4,500  crores,  ₹1,000  crores 
and  ₹600  crores,  respectively.  Certain  limits  outlined 
above can be used interchangeably between fund based 
and  non-fund  based.  Our  subsidiaries  have  sufficient 
fund based and non-fund based arrangements to meet 
their  requirements.  The  working  capital  limit  provided 
by  consortium  of  banks  are  secured  by  hypothecation 
of  entire  current  assets  including,  stocks  of  inventory 
whether lying in the Borrower’s premises or in transit or 
at any other place, receivables, book debts including the 
proceeds thereof on realisation and all other movables 
which are in the nature of current assets of the Borrower, 
both present and future. The working capital limits are 
renewed annually.
Loan Covenants
Some  of  our  financing  agreements  and  debt 
arrangements set limits on and/or require prior lender 
consent  for,  among  other  things,  undertaking  new 
projects, issuing new securities, changes in management, 
mergers,  sales  of  undertakings  and  investments  in 
subsidiaries.  Lender  approval  –  demerger  and  TMF.  In 
addition, certain negative covenants may limit our ability 
to borrow additional funds or to incur additional liens, 
and/or  provide  for  increased  costs  in  case  of  breach. 
Certain  financing  arrangements  also  include  financial 
covenants  to  maintain  certain  net-  worth,  earnings, 
liability,  debt  related  ratios  and  maintenance  of  debt 
service reserve accounts.
We  monitor  compliance  with  our  financial  covenants 
on  an  ongoing  basis.  We  also  review  our  refinancing 
strategy  and  continue  to  plan  for  deployment  of  long-
term funds to address any potential non-compliance and 
seek any waivers, if required. For FY25, the Company is 
in compliance with the covenants.
Certain  debt  issued  by  Jaguar  Land  Rover  is  subject 
to customary covenants and events of default, which 
include,  among  other  things,  minimum 
liquidity 
requirement  in  the  case  of  the  UKEF  facilities  and 
the  GBP  1.66  billion  revolving  credit  facility.  UKEF 
facilities also contains restrictions or limitations on the 
amount of cash that may be transferred outside of the  
Jaguar Land Rover Group in the form of dividends, loans or
investments to TML  and its subsidiaries. These are referred 
to as “restricted payments” in the relevant Jaguar Land Rover 
financing  documentation.  The  amount  of  cash  which  may 
be transferred as restricted payments from the Jaguar Land 
Rover Group to the Company and its subsidiaries is limited to 
25% of it’s Profit After Tax (“PAT”).
To  effect  the  upcoming  demerger,  we  require  approval 
from various lenders and financial institutions. All approvals 
required so far have been timely received.
As at March 31, 2025, the estimated amount that is available 
for  dividend  payments,  other  distributions  and  restricted 
payments was approximately £400 million.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR 
ADEQUACY
We  have  an  adequate  system  of  internal  controls  in  place. 
We  have  documented  policies  and  procedures  covering 
all  financial  and  operating  functions.  These  controls  have 
been designed to provide a reasonable assurance regarding 
maintaining  of  proper  accounting  controls  for  ensuring 
reliability  of  financial  reporting,  monitoring  of  operations, 
and  protecting  assets  from  unauthorized  use  or  losses, 
compliances  with  regulations.  We  have  continued  our 
efforts  to  align  all  our  processes  and  controls  with  global 
best practices.
258