Key focus areas in  
TAAP (5Es) are:
Following external factors have shaped 
TAAP over the last 10-12 years: 
AA within the organisation
Employment
AA in value chain
Entrepreneurship
AA in CSR Activities
Education
Employability
Essential Enablers
2000
2013
UN Global Compact - 10 Principles: Sustainable and  
Socially Responsible Business policies and practices  
(Human Right, Labour, Environment, Anti-Corruption)
Ministry of Corp Affairs (Companies Act, 2013 Article135, 
section 8), 2021 Amendments: Impact assessments,  
Board Oversight, Annual report disclosure
2015
UN Sustainability Development Goals:  
(adoption in 2015, 2030: 17 Goals, 169 Targets)
SEBI
BRSR (Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting) 
2012: 100, 2015‑500, 2021‑ 1000 listed companies
Sustainability disclosure standards:  Global Reporting 
Frameworks, World Economic Forum Framework, ESG rating, GRI, 
SASB etc.
In addition there is emphasis on social security benefits or financial inclusivity. 
This is to avail government schemes like, health/life insurances, basic entitlements 
like Aadhar and PAN cards.
Key functions of the organisation which 
need to work closely to embed TAAP
Since TAAP is aimed to create the mindset of equity and inclusion in the 
organisation, everyone needs to be sensitised about the subject. Having said that, 
the key functions to deploy TAAP policy are (I) Chief Sustainability Officer or Chief 
CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) (ii) Chief Human Resource Officer (CHRO) (iii) 
Chief of Procurement Officer (CPO) (iv) Chief Marketing and Sales Officer. 
Under the theme of Employment, Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) can 
emphasise enhancing representation of on‑roll and off‑roll employees from the 
AA Community. Also, the social security aspects of contract workers. Under the 
theme of Entrepreneurship (or supplier diversity), Chief of Procurement Officer 
(CPO) can emphasise on increasing business volume and value in upstream supply 
chain. Also, extending TAAP to supply chain partners. Chief Marketing and Sales 
Officer (CM&SO) can emphasise on channel partner and customer focus on 
downstream supply chain. Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) or CSR Officer can focus 
on AA in community developmental interventions. 
125