The model assumes that interest rate changes are instantaneous parallel shifts in the yield curve. Although some 
assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to re-pricing, these may not react correspondingly 
to changes in market interest rates. Also, the interest rates on some types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate 
with changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types of assets may change with a lag.
The risk estimates provided assume a parallel shift of 100 basis points interest rate across all yield curves. This 
calculation also assumes that the change occurs at the balance sheet date and has been calculated based on risk 
exposures outstanding as at that date. The period end balances are not necessarily representative of the average 
debt outstanding during the period.
This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant.
(Note: The impact is indicated on the profit before tax.)
(c)  Equity Price risk
Equity Price Risk is related to the change in market reference price of the investments in equity securities..
The  fair  value  of  some  of  the  Company’s  investments  measured  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive 
income exposes the Company to equity price risks. These investments are subject to changes in the market price 
of securities. The fair value of Company’s investment in quoted equity securities as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 
was  ₹848 crores and ₹856 crores, respectively. A 10% change in equity price as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 
would result in a pre- tax impact of ₹85 crores and ₹86 crores, respectively.
(Note: The impact is indicated on equity before consequential tax impact, if any).
(ii)  Credit risk
Credit  risk  is  the  risk  of  financial  loss  arising  from  counterparty  failure  to  repay  or  service  debt  according  to 
the  contractual  terms  or  obligations.  Credit  risk  encompasses  both  the  direct  risk  of  default  and  the  risk  of 
deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration risks.
Financial instruments that are subject to concentrations of credit risk, principally consist of investments classified 
as fair value through profit and loss, trade receivables, loans and derivative financial instruments. The Company 
strives to promptly identify and reduce concerns about collection due to a deterioration in the financial conditions 
and others of its main counterparties by regularly monitoring their situation based on their financial condition. 
None of the financial instruments of the Company result in material concentrations of credit risks.
Exposure to credit risk
The  carrying  amount  of  financial  assets  represents  the  maximum  credit  exposure.  The  maximum  exposure 
to credit risk was ₹13,395 crores and ₹13,378 crores as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, being the 
total of the carrying amount of balances with banks, short term deposits with banks, trade receivables, finance 
receivables, margin money and other financial assets excluding equity investments.
Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired
None of the Company’s cash equivalents, including short term deposits with banks, are past due or impaired. 
Regarding  trade  receivables  and  other  receivables,  and  other  loans  or  receivables  that  are  neither  impaired 
nor past due, there were no indications as at March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024, that defaults in payment 
obligations will occur.
Credit quality of financial assets and impairment loss
The ageing of trade receivables as of balance sheet date is given below. The age analysis has been considered 
from the due date.
493