Section A: General Disclosures
I.  Details of the listed entity 
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) 
Name of the Listed Entity: 
Year of incorporation: 
Registered office address: 
Corporate Address: 
E-mail:
Telephone: 
6.
7.
8. Website: 
9.
Financial year for which reporting is being done: 
10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed: 
11.
Paid-up Capital:
12. Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of 
the person who may be contacted in case of any queries 
on the BRSR report: 
L28920MH1945PLC004520
Tata Motors Limited
1945
Bombay House, 24 Homi Mody Street, Mumbai 
400001, Maharashtra, India.
Bombay House, 24 Homi Mody Street, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra- 400001, India
 inv_rel@tatamotors.com
+91 22 66658282
https://www.tatamotors.com
FY2024-25
BSE Limited and The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited.
₹736 crore
Name: Mr. Jyotindran Sastabhavan Kutty 
Designation: Chief Sustainability Officer
Telephone Number: +91 20 6613 2781
E-mail address: kutty@tatamotors.com
13.  Reporting  boundary:  Report  is  prepared  on  a  standalone  basis  i.e,  Tata  Motors  Limited  (‘TML’  or  ‘the  Company’) 
(Commercial Vehicle Business). The scope of this report excludes the joint operations of Tata Cummins Private Limited. 
The Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (‘BRSR’) is in conformance with the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Reporting of environmental and safety related KPIs under Principle 3 and 6 does not include the non-manufacturing 
locations including regional and corporate offices of TML. TML has evaluated and does not believe that this exclusion 
is material both qualitatively and quantitatively to the reporting under BRSR.
The information/data measurement techniques used, and the basis of calculations and estimates have been mentioned 
in the relevant sections of this report.
There  are  certain  restatements  for  TML  in  the  comparative  year  due  to  change  in  approach,  methodology  and  
re-computation of certain attributes in this report. The effects and reasons have been included under the respective 
Principles of this report. Restatements have been done on the following attributes – PoSH, energy consumption, GHG 
emissions, air emissions, PPP adjusted intensities for environmental attributes and concentration of purchases. These 
restatements would enable consistency and comparability of information for the current year and previous year.
14.  Name of Assurance Provider: KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (‘KPMG’)
15.  Type  of  assurance  obtained:  Reasonable  assurance  has  been  provided  on  BRSR  Core  Indicators  for  TML  on  a 
standalone basis. Additionally, limited assurance has been provided on select BRSR indicators which are not part of 
BRSR core.
II.  Products/Services
16.  Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the Turnover):
Description of main activity
Automobile Manufacturing
Description of business activity
Manufacturing, Sales & Marketing, and Customer Support
% of turnover 
98
182