Leadership Indicators
1. 
Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social 
topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
We firmly believe in fostering continuous dialogue with our stakeholders, underscoring our commitment to transparency 
and  accountability.  Our  leadership  actively  engages  through  various  platforms  to  ensure  that  stakeholder  feedback—
whether  on  economic,  environmental,  or  social  matters—is  thoughtfully  considered  and  integrated  into  our  decision-
making processes.
We firmly believe in fostering continuous dialogue with our stakeholders, underscoring our commitment to transparency 
and  accountability.  Our  leadership  actively  engages  through  various  platforms  to  ensure  that  stakeholder  feedback—
whether  on  economic,  environmental,  or  social  matters—is  thoughtfully  considered  and  integrated  into  our  decision-
making processes.
To strengthen and formalize this engagement, we have established dedicated committees focused on key areas of concern:
• 
• 
• 
The  Safety,  Health,  and  Sustainability  (SHS)  Committee  plays  a  critical  role  in  evaluating  our  performance  across 
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) dimensions. It oversees the implementation of relevant policies and 
strategies that drive sustainable practices across the organization.
The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee is instrumental in shaping and recommending CSR policies to 
the Board. It also monitors CSR budget allocations, activities, and expenditures to ensure alignment with our broader 
commitment to social impact and community engagement.
The  Stakeholders’  Relationship  Committee  is  entrusted  with  monitoring  statutory  compliances  and  ensuring  the 
smooth execution of services related to dividend payments, security holder communication, and the performance of 
our Registrar and Transfer Agents—enhancing trust, transparency, and service efficiency in our investor relations.
 Furthering our commitment to shareholder engagement, we provide shareholders the opportunity to interact with the full 
Board during the Annual General Meeting (AGM). This forum enables meaningful dialogue and helps us stay responsive to 
the evolving needs, priorities, and expectations of our stakeholders.
2.  Whether  stakeholder  consultation  is  used  to  support  the  identification  and  management  of  environmental,  and 
social topics. If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were 
incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.
Tata Motors conducted a thorough materiality assessment in FY 2024-25 to pinpoint issues crucial to our value creation 
process. We engaged with both internal and external stakeholders to identify material topics which were identified by 
analyzing our ESG rating against various ESG frameworks. Customized questionnaires based on these topics were circulated 
to  stakeholders  and  the  leadership  team,  who  rated  each  topic  based  on  its  impact  on  business  and  sustainability. 
Stakeholder responses were then prioritized as High, Medium, or Low, helping Tata Motors identify key material topics. 
Finally, senior management reviewed these identified topics for further action.
Further these material topics have been taken to identify establish clear and specific goals that outline what the company 
aims to achieve in addressing that issue.
3. 
Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable / marginalized 
stakeholder groups.
The  Company’s  Affirmative  Action  (AA)  Policy  is  specially  designed  to  address  the  needs  and  concerns  of  socially 
disadvantaged sections of society, i.e., Scheduled Castes and Tribes (SC and ST). Within the broader stakeholder group 
of communities, the Company’s programs are mainly driven towards women’s health and empowerment, and the health 
and  education  of  children.  The  projects  are  implemented  to  ensure  regular  and  continuous  engagement  with  these 
stakeholders, with measured outcomes and impacts.
The  Company  has  also  curated  special  projects  to  address  the  challenges  faced  by  the  most  socially  and  economically 
marginalised sections — the waste pickers and the migrants in Pune district. The aim is to provide dignity and a decent 
quality of life for them and their family members. Special scholarships have been granted to their wards to mainstream and 
continue their education.
219