goodwill and recall complaints The timing of outflows will vary depending on when warranty claim will arise, being 
typically up to six years and for batteries in electric vehicles warranty period is typically up to eight years. The Company 
also has back-to-back contractual arrangement with its suppliers in the event that a vehicle fault is proven to be a 
supplier’s fault.
The Company’s calculation methodology uses detailed historical data corrected for experience as information becomes 
available as well as individual campaign assumptions (such as scope, uptake rates and repair costs). The calculated 
provisions are compared to current spend rates to assess balances versus expected future obligations. This can lead 
to changes in the carrying value of provisions as assumptions are updated over the life of each warranty to reflect 
where actual experience differs to past experience, for example due to higher inflation or timing of claims impacting 
disbursement curve analysis. However, there are no individual assumptions that can be reasonably expected to move 
over the next financial year to such a degree that it would result in a material adjustment to the warranty provision.
The Company notes that changes in the automotive environment regarding the increasing impact of battery electric 
vehicles presents its own significant challenges, particularly due to the lack of maturity and historical data available 
at this time to help inform estimates for future warranty claims, as well as any associated recoveries from suppliers 
due to such claims. The related provisions are made with the Company’s best estimate at this time to settle such 
obligations in the future but will be required to be continually refined as sufficient, real-world data becomes available.  
The discount on the warranty provision is calculated using a risk-free discount rate as the risks specific to the liability, 
such as inflation, are included in the base calculation.
Estimates of the future costs of warranty actions are subject to numerous uncertainties, including the enactment 
of  new  laws  and  regulations,  the  number  of  vehicles  affected  by  a  service  or  recall  action  and  the  nature  or  final 
cost of the corrective action. Due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of the inputs to these assumptions, it is 
reasonably possible that the actual cost expenditure over an extended period of time could be materially different 
to  the  estimate  in  a  range  of  amounts  that  cannot  be  reasonably  estimated.  The  Company  continues  to  monitor 
developments  in  global  macroeconomic  conditions  and  potential  mitigation  strategies,  including  the  global  tariff 
environment, and adjusts the provision if required.
Estimates are made of the expected reimbursement claim based upon historical levels of recoveries from supplier, 
adjusted for inflation and applied to the population of vehicles under warranty as on balance sheet date. Supplier 
reimbursements are recognised as a separate asset.
Third party claims and obligations 
A provision is maintained in respect of legal and constructive obligations to third parties. This includes claims and 
obligations related to supplier claims, motor accident claims, consumer complaints, retailer terminations, employment 
cases and personal injury claims. The decrease in the period is driven predominantly by supplier claims as a result of 
ongoing negotiations and lower levels of new claims.
The provision recognised is based on previous experience, which is considered as a reasonable assumption to estimate 
the final settlement, if any, at the time of the claim. The timing and amount of outflows will vary with decreasing 
uncertainty from the point at which each claim is received to when it is subsequently settled.
Emissions compliance
The Company maintains a provision for sales non-compliant with legal emissions requirements for certain jurisdictions. 
The best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the non-compliance at the balance sheet date is determined 
by considering the ways in which the Company can mitigate non-compliance with the emissions requirements. These 
include purchasing emission credits at the estimated market rate based on latest market information, or paying the 
legislated fine amount where a market indicative credit price cannot be estimated; and, subject to the terms of the 
relevant legislation, generating credits by producing and selling compliant vehicles in the future. Legislation is regularly 
monitored for changes to the emissions requirements across the various jurisdictions relevant to the Company and 
where changes or new legislation is virtually certain to be enacted, these are used as basis in determining the best 
estimate  for  the  provision  measurement.  The  measurement  of  the  provision  at  the  balance  sheet  date  does  not 
include the impact of credits forecast to be generated in the future via the production and sale of compliant vehicles.
The timing of outflows will vary and is not known with certainty. The actual cash outflow may differ to the estimate.
360