25  Notes to reserves and surplus
(a)  Securities premium
The amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recognised in Securities premium.
(b)  Retained earnings
Retained earnings are the profits that the Company has earned till date, add/(less) any transfers from/(to) general 
reserve, securities premium and debenture redemption reserve, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders. 
Retained earnings includes re-measurement gain/(loss) on defined benefit obligations, net of taxes that will not be 
reclassified to Profit and Loss.
(c)  Capital redemption reserve
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 (the “Companies Act”) requires that where a company purchases its own shares out 
of free reserves or securities premium account, a sum equal to the nominal value of the shares so purchased shall 
be transferred to a capital redemption reserve account and details of such transfer shall be disclosed in the Balance 
Sheet. The capital redemption reserve account may be applied by the Company, in paying up unissued shares of the 
Company to be issued to shareholders of the Company as fully paid bonus shares. Tata Motors Limited established this 
reserve pursuant to the redemption of preference shares issued in earlier years.
(d)  Debenture redemption reserve (DRR)
The Companies Act requires that where a company issues debentures, it shall create a debenture redemption reserve 
out of profits of the Company available for payment of dividend. The company is required to maintain a Debenture 
Redemption Reserve of 25% of the value of debentures issued, either by a public issue or on a private placement basis. 
The amounts credited to the debenture redemption reserve may not be utilised by the Company except to redeem 
debentures.  Transfers  represent  DRR  on  debentures  issued  before  August  16,  2019  and  pertaining  to  debentures 
repaid  during  the  years  ended  March  31,  2025  and  2024.  No  DRR  is  required  for  debentures  issued  after  August 
16, 2019.
(e)  Reserve for research and human resource development
In  terms  of  Article  9  of  the  Act  on  Special  Taxation  Restriction  in  Korea,  Tata  Daewoo  Mobility  Company  Limited 
(formerly known as Tata Daewoo Commercial Vehicle Company Limited) (“TDM”) is entitled for deferment of tax in 
respect of expenditures incurred on product development cost subject to fulfilment of certain conditions, by way of 
deduction from the taxable income, provided that TDM appropriates an equivalent amount from “Retained Earnings” 
to “Reserve for Research and Human Resource Development”.
The deferment is for a period of three years and from the fourth year onwards one-third of the reserve is offered to 
tax and an equal amount is then transferred from the reserve to “Retained earnings available for appropriation”.
(f)  Special reserve
The special reserve represents the reserve created by subsidiary of Tata Motors Limited pursuant to the Reserve Bank 
of India Act, 1934 (the “RBI Act”) and related regulations applicable to those companies. Under the RBI Act, a non-
banking finance company is required to transfer an amount not less than 20% of its net profit to a reserve fund before 
declaring any dividend. Appropriation from this reserve fund is permitted only for the purposes specified by the RBI.
(g)  Earned surplus reserve
Under the Korean commercial code, TDM is required to appropriate at least 10% of cash dividend declared each year 
to a legal reserve until such reserves equal to 50% of capital stock. This reserve may not be utilized for cash dividends, 
but may only be used to offset against future deficits, if any, or may be transferred to capital stock.
(h)  Hedge Reserve
Effective portion of fair value gain/(loss) on all financial instruments designated in cash flow hedge relationship are 
accumulated in hedge reserve.
352