Details  of  composition,  terms  of  reference  and  number  of 
meetings held in FY25 for the aforementioned committees are 
given  in  the  Report  on  Corporate  Governance,  which  forms 
a part of this Report. Further, during the year under review, 
all recommendations made by the various committees have 
been considered and accepted by the Board.
BOARD EVALUATION
The  annual  evaluation  process  of  the  Board  of  Directors, 
individual  Directors  and  Committees  was  conducted  in 
accordance  with  the  provision  of  the  Act  and  the  SEBI 
Listing Regulations.
The  Board  evaluated  its  performance  after  seeking  inputs 
from all the Directors on the basis of criteria such as the Board 
composition and structure, effectiveness of Board processes, 
information  and  functioning,  etc.  The  performance  of  the 
Committees was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs 
from the committee members on the basis of criteria such as 
the composition of Committees, effectiveness of Committee 
meetings,  etc.  The  above  criteria  are  broadly  based  on  the 
Guidance Note on Board Evaluation issued by the SEBI.
The  Chairman  of  the  Board  had  one-on-one  meetings  with 
the  Independent  directors  and  the  Chairman  of  NRC  had 
one-on-one meetings with the Executive and Non-Executive, 
Non-Independent  Directors.  These  meetings  were  intended 
to  obtain  Directors’  inputs  on  effectiveness  of  the  Board/
Committee processes.
The Board and the NRC reviewed the performance of individual 
Directors on the basis of criteria such as the contribution of 
the individual Director to the Board and Committee Meetings 
like preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful 
and constructive contribution and inputs in meetings, etc.
In a separate meeting of independent directors, performance 
of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a whole was 
evaluated. Additionally, they also evaluated the performance 
of  Chairman  of  the  Board,  taking  into  account  the  views  of 
Executive  and  Non-Executive  Directors  in  the  aforesaid 
Meeting.  The  Board  also  assessed  the  quality,  quantity  and 
timeliness  of  flow  of  information  between  the  Company 
Management and the Board that is necessary for the Board 
to effectively and reasonably perform their duties. The above 
evaluations  were  then  discussed  in  the  Board  Meeting  and 
performance evaluation of Independent directors was done 
by  the  entire  Board,  excluding  the  Independent  Director 
being evaluated.
PROGRAMME 
FAMILIARISATION 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
Please refer to the Paragraph on Familiarisation Programme 
in the Corporate Governance Report for detailed analysis.
FOR 
161
POLICY ON DIRECTORS’ APPOINTMENT AND 
REMUNERATION
The  Company’s  Policy  on  directors’  appointment  and 
remuneration and other matters provided in Section 178(3) of 
the Act (salient features) has been briefly disclosed hereunder 
and in the Report on Corporate Governance, which is a part 
of this Report.
is 
responsible 
Selection and procedure for nomination and 
appointment of Directors
The  NRC 
for  developing  competency 
requirements  for  the  Board  based  on  the  industry  and 
strategy  of  the  Company.  The  Board  composition  analysis 
reflects in-depth understanding of the Company, including its 
strategies,  environment,  operations,  financial  condition  and 
compliance requirements.
The  NRC  conducts  a  gap  analysis  to  refresh  the  Board  on  a 
periodic basis, including each time a Director’s appointment 
or  re-appointment  is  required.  The  NRC  reviews  and  vets 
the  profiles  of  potential  candidates  vis-à-vis  the  required 
competencies,  undertakes  due  diligence  and  meeting 
potential  candidates,  prior  to  making  recommendations  of 
their nomination to the Board.
Criteria for determining qualifications, positive 
attributes and independence of a Director
In  terms  of  the  provisions  of  Section  178(3)  of  the  Act,  and 
Regulation  19  of  the  SEBI  Listing  Regulations,  the  NRC  has 
formulated the criteria for determining qualifications, positive 
attributes and independence of Directors, the key features of 
which are as follows:
• 
• 
• 
Qualifications 
-  The  Board  nomination  process 
encourages diversity of thought, experience, knowledge, 
age  and  gender.  It  also  ensures  that  the  Board  has  an 
appropriate blend of functional and industry expertise.
Positive Attributes - Apart from the duties of Directors 
as  prescribed  in  the  Act,  the  Directors  are  expected 
to  demonstrate  high  standards  of  ethical  behavior, 
communication  skills  and  independent  judgment.  The 
Directors  are  also  expected  to  abide  by  the  respective 
Code of Conduct as applicable to them.
Independence 
-  A  Director  will  be  considered 
independent if he / she meets the criteria laid down in 
Section 149(6) of the Act, the Rules framed thereunder 
and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
It  is  affirmed  that  the  remuneration  paid  to  Directors, 
KMPs  and  employees  is  as  per  the  Remuneration  Policy  of 
the Company.
The  remuneration  policy  for  directors,  key  managerial 
personnel  and  other  employees  is  also  available  on  the