Sr. No. Description
4.
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
5.
6.
Any other information that may be relevant
Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with Artifex
The  pricing  mechanism  followed  for  proposed  RPTs  shall  be  based 
on  Arm’s  Length  Principle  applicable  as  per  Jurisdictional  guidelines. 
Valuation  report  and/or  other  external  report,  if  applicable,  would  be 
obtained and relied upon.
Mr  N  Chandrasekaran,  Chairman  and  Non-Executive  Director  of  the 
Company is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JLRA.
Ms  Hanne  Sorensen,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also  a 
Director  on  the  Board  of  JLRL,  JLRA  and  Jaguar  Land  Rover  Holdings 
Limited. 
Mr  Al-Noor  Ramji,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  is  also  a 
Director on the Board of JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment 
Co. Limited. 
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company is 
also a Director on the Board of JLRA. 
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited 
to only to the extent of their holding in directorship / KMP position as 
mentioned above in the JLR Group of Companies. 
None  of  the  Directors  or  KMPs  of  the  Company  is  Director/KMP  of 
Artifex.
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 25 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 25 
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary 
Resolution set forth at Item No. 25 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
Item No. 26
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), subsidiary of the Company with Tata Consultancy Services 
Limited (‘TCS’) including the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master 
Circular  No.  SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/  CIR/P/2023/120  dated  July  11,  2023  read  with  SEBI  Circular  No.  SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/
CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description
1.
a.
Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
Name  of  the  Related  Party  and  its  relationship  with  the 
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or otherwise)
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned 
subsidiary  of  the  Company.  JLRA  is  into  the  design,  development, 
manufacture  and  marketing  of  high-performance 
luxury  saloons, 
specialist  sports  cars,  four-wheel  drive  off-road  vehicles  and  related 
components.
Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with TCS
JLRL is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL  is  into  the  design,  development,  manufacture  and  marketing  of 
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive 
off-road vehicles and related components.
Tata  Consultancy  Services  Limited  (‘TCS’)  is  a  subsidiary  of  Tata  Sons 
Private  Limited,  the  Promoter  of  the  Company.  TCS  being  a  globally 
recognised provider of IT services participates in the digitization initiatives 
of entities within Tata group and partners in respective entities’ growth 
and transformation journeys. 
TCS Group is Related Party of the Company as on the date of this Notice.
568