Materiality assessment
At Tata Motors, we acknowledge the role of materiality assessments in ensuring 
that our ESG efforts remain relevant, strategic, and impactful. This year marks a 
significant milestone for TML, as we have broadened our approach to materiality 
assessments by incorporating the concept of double materiality for the first time.
The double materiality assessment (DMA) has helped us determine which sustainability issues are most 
important to the organisation and its stakeholders. It involves evaluating the organisation’s impact on 
environmental and social factors (inside‑out perspective) and examining how these factors affect the 
organisation (outside‑in perspective). This dual approach helps the Company identify and prioritise ESG 
issues that are both financially important and socially significant, promoting the comprehensive integration of 
sustainability into its core strategy. We plan to conduct similar assessments every two years, taking emerging 
sustainability issues, global events and other trends into consideration.
Identification
TML identified relevant ESG material topics, through stakeholder 
consultations, evaluation of ESG frameworks, and an assessment 
of the maturity of the organisation’s current practices. 
For each identified topic, the related impacts, risks, and opportunities 
(IROs) were developed across TML’s value chain, informed by research 
on past events and forecasts made by think tanks and academia.
Assessment
An impact and financial assessment was conducted for each IRO, following 
the Double Materiality methodology. The impacts were assessed based 
on their scale, scope, irremediability, and likelihood, while the risks and 
opportunities were evaluated in terms of their magnitude and likelihood.
TML internal and external stakeholders reviewed the IROs and their 
associated scores to evaluate their significance and completeness. 
Adjustments were made based on the feedback received from 
the stakeholders.
Determination
A final materiality matrix was created based on the scores. A scoring 
threshold was established to identify high‑priority topics, which were 
then further reviewed and confirmed by senior management.
66