Sr. No. Description
b.
Type,  material  terms,  tenure,  monetary  value  and 
particulars of the proposed RPTs
Details of proposed RPTs between the Company along with ancillary entities of the 
Company who are third parties with Tata Steel Downstream Products Limited
The Company has undertaken/proposed to undertake RPTs with TSL its 
subsidiaries  and  third  party  dealers.  The  RPTs  involve  purchase  &  sale 
of  goods  /  raw  materials  and  availment  of  services  during  FY26  for  an 
aggregate value not exceeding ₹3,555 crore.
c.
2.
3.
a.
b.
c.
d.
4.
5.
6.
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Purchase of goods
Sale of goods
Availment of services
Rendering of services
Interest paid
Asset purchase/sale
Rent paid
Percentage  of 
the  Company’s  annual  consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
0.81%
Justification for the proposed RPTs
One  of  the  important  objectives  of  the  Company  is  to  meet  the 
business  requirements  and  quality  of  the  product  which  the  company 
manufactures. TSL is a leading manufacturer of steel in India and meets 
the quality standard requirement of the Company’s manufacturing units.
In  light  of  above  and  other  commercial  factors,  aforementioned 
transactions  are  undertaken,  which  will  help  both  the  companies  to 
smoothen  business  operations  and  also  ensure  a  consistent  flow  of 
desired  quality  and  quantity  of  materials  for  uninterrupted  operations 
and increase in productivity.
Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or 
its subsidiary
Details  of  the  source  of  funds  in  connection  with  the 
proposed transaction
Not applicable
Where  any  financial  indebtedness  is  incurred  to  make 
or  give 
inter-corporate  deposits,  advances  or 
investments:
loans, 
Not applicable
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security
Not applicable
The  purpose  for  which  the  funds  will  be  utilized  by  the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
Not applicable
Arm’s  length  pricing  and  a  statement  that  the  valuation 
or  other  external  report,  if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed 
entity  in  relation  to  the  proposed  transaction  will  be 
made  available  through  registered  email  address  of  the 
shareholder.
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on 
the  past  practices  adopting  Arm’s  Length  Principle  substantiated  with 
report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the 
electronic  copy  of  the  same  is  available  for  inspection.  Please  refer  to 
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of 
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria 
based  on  the  market  price  or  alternative  pricing  method  of  relevant 
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as 
may  be  applicable,  shall  be  obtained  by  the  parties  concerned.  In  the 
case of  reimbursements / recoveries, same would  be basis  actual  cost 
incurred.
Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) 
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship
Mr  N  Chandrasekaran,  Chairman  and  Non-Executive  Director  of  the 
Company is also the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of TSL.
Any other information that may be relevant
All  relevant  information  are  mentioned  in  the  Explanatory  Statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming 
part of this Notice.
572