participants  entering  in  the  market  and  leading  to  greater 
customer traction and strengthening of the overall ecosystem.
In  FY25,  the  EV  business  sustained  its  market  leadership 
position,  commanding  over  55%  market  share  of  the  EV 
Industry. The business launched Curvv.ev, which received  a 
good  review  from  the  market  and  strengthened  Nexon.ev 
with  the  introduction  of  45kWH  battery  pack.  Additionally, 
the EV Business made strategic strides in strengthening the 
EV  ecosystem,  accelerating  the  expansion  of  the  charging 
network,  simplifying  the  charging  experience  and  initiating 
the  installation  of  Tata.ev  mega  chargers.  Through  these 
key  initiatives,  the  EV  business  achieved  the  milestone  of 
surpassing 2,00,000 units of EV sales since its inception.
Please  refer  to  the  paragraph  on  Passenger  Vehicles  and 
Electric  Vehicles  in  the  Management  Discussion  &  Analysis 
section for detailed analysis.
Jaguar Land Rover (‘JLR’)
JLR,  (as  per  IFRS)  recorded  stable  revenue  of  £29  billion  in 
FY25.  This  revenue  was  flat  year-over-year  in  wholesales 
(excluding China joint venture) to 4,00,898 units, as well as 1% 
dip in retail sales to 4,28,854 units. Profit margins improved, 
with  underlying  EBITDA  margin  of  14.3%,  driven  by  flat 
wholesales, favourable sales mix and improved pricing. Profit 
before  tax  and  exceptional  items  in  FY25  was  £2.5  billion, 
compared to £2.2 billion in FY24, an increase of 13.6%. Profit 
after tax was £1.8 billion, lower from a profit of £2.6 billion a 
year ago. This was due to deferred tax charge of £0.3 billion 
as compared to credit £0.8 billion in FY24.
Some of the key highlights of FY25 were:
• 
• 
• 
By  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  JLR  had  eliminated 
£4  billion  of  debt  to  achieve  net  cash  positive,  a  key 
Reimagine target.
Reimagine  transformation  strategy  progressing:  Range 
Rover  Electric  testing  continued  as  the  waiting  list 
climbed  over  60,000;  reimagined  Jaguar  brand  and 
design  vision  concept,  Type  00,  launched  at  Miami  Art 
Week  and  viewed  by  over  one  billion  people  globally. 
JLR  Halewood  investment  of  £500  million  illustrated 
the readiness to build next generation electric vehicles 
alongside existing ICE and PHEV models.
Sustainable  projects  continue:  JLR  made  a  significant 
technical  breakthrough  in  the  closed-loop  recycling 
of  polyurethane  seat  foam  from  used  vehicles  by 
successfully  reintegrating  it  back  into  the  production 
of  new  seats,  a  first  for  the  automotive  industry. 
JLR  and  Pirelli  announced  a  joint  initiative  to  deploy 
FSC®-certified  sustainable  rubber  across  its  range  of 
luxury vehicles.
• 
• 
Strong  demand  continues:  The  three  most  profitable 
JLR brands - Defender, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, 
made  up  67.8%  of  total  wholesales  in  FY25.  Defender 
and  Range  Rover  wholesales  were  up  by  10%  and  9%,  
respectively as compared to the previous year.
The  Range  Rover  brand  won  Walpole’s  ‘Made  in  UK’ 
award  at  the  annual  Walpole  British  Luxury  Awards 
and made its inaugural entry into Interbrand’s Top 100 
Best Global Brands. Alongside this, Jaguar Type 00 won 
Wallpaper’s Design Awards 2025.
Please  refer  to  the  paragraphs  on  JLR  in  the  Management 
Discussion & Analysis section for detailed analysis.
Tata Technologies Limited (‘TTL’)
TTL  has  evolved  into  a  leading  global  engineering  services 
provider,  catering  to  the  automotive,  aerospace  and 
industrial machinery sectors. Built on the Tata Group’s legacy 
of innovation and excellence, TTL is dedicated to engineering 
better  products  and  experiences  for  its  clients  worldwide. 
It  has  been  at  the  forefront  of  engineering  and  digital 
transformation  since  its  inception.  It  has  ranked  #1  among 
India-based  global  automotive  ER&D  service  providers  in 
Zinnov Zones for the 8th consecutive year.
In  FY25,  TTL  achieved  revenue  of  ₹5,168  crore,  Operating 
EBITDA of ₹934 crore at 18.1% margin and PAT of ₹677 crore 
at 13.1% margin. As of March 31, 2025, TTL had a headcount 
of 12,644 professionals.
Tata Motors Finance Limited (‘TMFL’)
The Board at its meeting held on June 4, 2024, consented to 
the Scheme of arrangement amongst TMFL and Tata Capital 
Limited  (‘TCL’)  and  their  respective  shareholders  under 
section 230-232 read with section 52, section 66, and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) 
and rules made thereunder. As consideration for the merger, 
TCL  to  issue  its  equity  shares  to  the  TMFL’s  shareholders 
resulting in the Company’s effectively holding a 4.6% stake in 
the merged entity.
The Scheme was approved by the Competition Commission 
of  India,  stock  exchanges  and  the  Reserve  Bank  of  India 
during  FY25.  TMFL  &  TCL  then  subsequently  convened 
separate  meetings  of  creditors  (secured  and  unsecured)  on  
January  16,  2025  and  January  17,  2025,  respectively,  where 
the  Scheme  was  approved  with  the  requisite  majority.  The 
Scheme  was  also  approved  by  respective  shareholders 
of  both  the  entities.  The  Hon’ble  National  Company  Law 
Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, vide Order dated May 6, 2025, had 
sanctioned the Scheme, a certified copy of which was filed by 
TMFL with the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra 
on May 8, 2025, making the Scheme effective.
152