Reconciliation of outstanding  PSUs
Option outstanding at the beginning of the year
Granted during the year
Forfeited/Expired during the year
Exercised during the year
Option outstanding at the end of the year
Remaining contractual life
Year ended 
 March 31, 2025 
 No of options 
-
299,918
(8,953)
-
290,965
 28 months 
The Company has estimated fair value of options using Black Scholes model. The following assumptions were used for 
calculation of fair value of options granted.
Assumption factor
Risk free rate
Expected life of option
Expected volatility
Share price
Year ended 
 March 31, 2025 
7.2%
 4 Years 
37.9%
1,143 
Expected volatility during the expected term of the options is based on historical volatility of the observed market 
prices of the Company’s publicly-traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term of the options.
(B)  Employee benefits
(a)   Accounting policy
(i)   Gratuity
Tata Motors Limited and its Joint operation have an obligation towards gratuity, a defined benefit retirement 
plan  covering  eligible  employees.  The  plan  provides  for  a  lump-sum  payment  to  vested  employees  at 
retirement, death while in employment or on termination of employment of an amount equivalent to 15 to 
30 days salary payable for each completed year of service. Vesting occurs upon completion of five years of 
service. Tata Motors Limited makes annual contributions to gratuity funds established as trusts. Tata Motors 
Limited account for the liability for gratuity benefits payable in the future based on an actuarial valuation.
(ii)   Bhavishya kalyan yojana (BKY) 
Bhavishya Kalyan Yojana is an unfunded defined benefit plan for employees of Tata Motors Limited. The 
benefits of the plan include pension in certain cases, payable up to the date of normal superannuation had 
the employee been in service, to an eligible employee at the time of death or permanent disablement, while 
in service, either as a result of an injury or as certified by the appropriate authority. The monthly payment 
to dependents of the deceased/disabled employee under the plan equals 50% of the salary drawn at the 
time of death or accident or a specified amount, whichever is greater. Tata Motors Limited account for the 
liability for BKY benefits payable in the future based on an actuarial valuation.
(iii)   Provident fund and family pension
In accordance with Indian law, eligible employees of Tata Motors Limited and joint operations are entitled 
to  receive  benefits  in  respect  of  provident  fund,  a  defined  contribution  plan,  in  which  both  employees 
and the Company make monthly contributions at a specified percentage of the covered employees’ salary 
(currently  12%  of  employees’  salary).  The  contributions,  as  specified  under  the  law,  were  made  to  the 
provident fund and pension fund set up as an irrevocable trust or to respective Regional Provident Fund 
Commissioner and the Central Provident Fund under the State Pension scheme. The interest rate, payable 
to the members of the trust, was not to be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central 
Government under the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and shortfall, 
if any, was made good by the Company. The embedded interest rate guarantee is considered to be defined 
benefit for the joint  operation as Provident Fund is managed by trust.
472