than  supply  given  resolution  of  previously  noted 
supply constraints. 
In order to reach a liquidity level that breaches the 
covenant,  it  would  require  a  sustained  decline  in 
wholesale  volumes  of  43%  compared  to  the  base 
case  over  a  12-month  period.  The  reverse  stress 
test  reflects  the  variable  profit  impact  of  the 
wholesale  volume  decline,  and  assumes  all  other 
assumptions are held in line with the base case. It 
does  not  reflect  other  potential  upside  measures 
that  could  be  taken  in  such  a  reduced  volume 
scenario; nor any new funding.
JLR does not consider this scenario to be plausible 
given that the stress test volumes are significantly 
lower  than  forecast.  JLR  has  a  strong  order  bank 
and  is  confident  that  it  can  significantly  exceed 
reverse stress test volumes. 
JLR  has  also  considered  the  impact  of  severe  but 
plausible  downside  scenarios,  including  scenarios 
that  reflect  a  decrease  in  variable  profit  per 
unit  compared  with  the  base  case  to  include 
additional increases in material and other related 
production  costs.  Under  all  scenarios  JLR  has 
sufficient headroom.
the  evaluation  described  above, 
Based  on 
management  believes  that  the  Company  and  JLR 
have sufficient financial resources available to it at 
the date of approval of these financial statements 
and  that  it  will  be  able  to  continue  as  a  ‘going 
concern’ in the foreseeable future and for a period 
upto  at  least  twelve  months  from  the  date  of 
authorisation of these financial statement.
(g)  Cost recognition
Costs and expenses are recognised when incurred 
and are classified according to their nature.
Expenditure are capitalised, where appropriate, in 
accordance with the policy for internally generated 
intangible  assets  and  represents  employee  costs, 
stores and other manufacturing supplies, and other 
expenses  incurred  for  construction  and  product 
development undertaken by the Company.
Material  and  other  cost  of  sales  as  reported 
in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  and 
loss  is  presented  net  of  the  impact  of  realised 
foreign  exchange  relating  to  derivatives  hedging 
cost exposures.
(h)  Foreign currency
These  consolidated  financial  statements  are 
presented in Indian rupees, which is the functional 
currency  of  Tata  Motors  Limited.  Transactions  in 
foreign  currencies  are  recorded  at  the  exchange 
rate prevailing on the date of transaction. Foreign 
currency  denominated  monetary  assets  and 
liabilities  are  re-measured 
into  the  functional 
currency  at  the  exchange  rate  prevailing  on  the 
balance  sheet  date.  Exchange  differences  are 
recognised 
in  the  consolidated  statement  of 
profit  and  loss  except  to  the  extent,  exchange 
differences on foreign currency borrowings which 
are  capitalized  when  they  are  regarded  as  an 
adjustment to interest costs.
For  the  purpose  of  presenting  consolidated 
financial  statements,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of 
the  Company’s  foreign  operations  (having  non-
INR  functional  currency)  are  translated  to  Indian 
rupees  at  the  exchange  rate  prevailing  on  the 
balance sheet date, Income and expenses items are 
translated at the average rate of exchange for the 
respective  months.  Exchange  differences  arising 
on  such  translation  are  recognised  as  currency 
reserve  under  equity.  Exchange 
translation 
differences arising from the translation of a foreign 
operation  previously 
in  currency 
translation  reserve  in  equity  are  not  reclassified 
from equity to the consolidated statement of profit 
and loss until the disposal of the operation.
recognised 
(i) 
Impairment
i)  Goodwill
Cash  generating  units  to  which  goodwill  is 
allocated are tested for impairment annually 
at each balance sheet date, or more frequently 
when there is an indication that the unit may 
be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the 
cash generating unit is less than the carrying 
amount  of  the  unit,  the  impairment  loss  is 
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount 
of any goodwill allocated to that unit and then 
to the other assets of the unit pro rata on the 
basis of carrying amount of each asset in the 
unit.  Goodwill  impairment  loss  recognised  is 
not reversed in subsequent period.
ii) 
 Property, plant and equipment and 
other intangible assets
At  each  balance  sheet  date,  the  Company 
assesses  whether  there 
indication 
that  any  property,  plant  and  equipment  and 
intangible  assets  with  finite  lives  may  be 
impaired.  If  any  such  impairment  exists  the 
recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  is  estimated 
is  any 
318