Principal risks
1
Global economic and geopolitical environment
We face a turbulent outlook of global 
challenges, including: political shifts, 
economic swings, trade tensions, 
protectionism, wars, terrorism, humanitarian 
crises, pandemics and climate‑related 
disruptions. Given the global nature of where 
we sell our finished products and buy our 
commodities, the risk landscape is complex, 
significant and wide‑ranging, particularly in 
relation to the challenging and changing tariff 
environment. Global tariffs could disrupt 
automotive supply chains, overall trade 
dynamics, increase raw material costs and 
cause recessionary risks.
H M
F
S
We rely on key markets such as the UK, China, 
North America, India, and continental Europe 
for a significant portion of our revenues. A 
decrease in demand in these markets could 
harm our business, financial health and 
operations. 
Our international presence and global sales 
profile mean that our business could be 
significantly impacted by the global external 
environment. Our global supply chain could 
also be negatively affected by disruption 
caused by external factors. As a result, our 
business could be adversely affected through 
lower sales of finished vehicles, delays to 
deliveries and increasing material costs from 
supply chain disruption. 
We are also vulnerable to cyclicity in demand 
for our CV business and overall capex and 
infrastructure spends.
We continue to closely monitor, assess and 
implement mitigation plans in consideration 
of the turbulent geopolitical and economic 
landscape. This work is underpinned by 
foresight intelligence and scenario planning 
to look further ahead and build resilience 
to alternative futures. Our diverse global 
customer base gives us the flexibility to 
react to regional changes in demand by 
adjusting our sales mix into other markets, 
while we may adjust product features or 
content should we face supply challenges 
informed through our enhanced supply 
chain risk management framework. 
We continue to monitor and assess the 
global tariff environments to manage 
their ramifications as effectively as 
possible, and take mitigating actions 
such as implementing cost discipline, 
pricing actions, evaluate our offerings and 
improving geographical mix.
2
Brand positioning, innovation and rapid technology change
Staying competitive in the dynamic 
automotive market is increasingly challenging 
due to intensified competition from existing 
OEMs and new disruptive entrants, especially 
in the EV segment. 
Technology in the automotive industry is also 
evolving rapidly, particularly with respect to 
autonomy, connectivity and electrification. 
Our ability to succeed in the future relies 
on staying abreast of evolving automotive 
trends, meeting changing customer demands 
through timely innovation and maintaining 
product competitiveness and quality.
Demand for our products can be impacted by 
our potential inability to successfully position, 
maintain and articulate the strength of our 
brands, in addition to our failure to develop 
new products and technologies that meet 
customer  preferences.
Any delay in the launch of technologically 
intensive products, or if the technology in our 
products becomes relatively obsolete, could 
impact sales as customers move to purchase 
products from our competitors.
F
M S
Capitals impacted
At JLR, under the Reimagine strategy our 
brands continue our modern luxury vision 
to support our position in the market, with 
Jaguar relaunching as an all‑electric brand 
from 2026, targeting a more luxury segment of 
the market. As part of the Reimagine strategy, 
we are also continuing our collaboration and 
partnerships both within the Tata Group and 
with external organisations in a number of 
areas to meet our customer expectations. 
At the Bharat Mobility Global Expo 2025, 
we unveiled more than 50 next‑generation 
vehicles, visionary concepts, and intelligent 
solutions that redefine the future of 
mobility across segments and applications. 
We introduced the ‘Better Always’ mantra for 
the Commercial Vehicles business, embodying 
our steadfast commitment to all stakeholders 
of continuous growth by fostering agility, 
challenging limits, striving for excellence, and 
embracing relentless improvement. 
In the Passenger Vehicles business, with smart 
product interventions and timely refreshes 
with stylish designs, safety and technology 
features, our brand perception has increased 
over the years.
F
Financial capital
M
Manufactured capital
I
Intellectual capital
N
Natural capital
H
Human capital
S
Social and relationship capital
69