Further the Company transfers certain trade receivables under the debt factoring arrangements. These do not 
qualify for derecognition, due to existence of the recourse arrangement. Consequently the proceeds received 
from such transfers with a recourse arrangements are recorded as loans from banks / financial institutions and 
classified under short-term borrowings.
(c)   Cash flow hedges
As at March 31, 2025, the Company have a number of financial instruments designated in a hedging relationship. 
The  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  use  both  foreign  currency  forward  and  option  contracts,  cross  currency 
interest  rate  swaps  and  other  currency  options  to  hedge  changes  in  future  cash  flows  as  a  result  of  foreign 
currency and interest rate risk arising from forecasted sales and purchases and repayment of foreign currency 
bonds. The Company and its subsidiaries have also designated some of its U.S. dollar denominated bonds as 
hedging instruments in a cash flow hedging relationship to hedge the changes in future cash flows as a result of 
foreign currency risk arising from future anticipated sales. 
The Company also have a number of foreign currency options and other currency options, which are entered into 
as an economic hedge of the financial risks of the Company. These contracts do not meet the hedge accounting 
criteria of Ind AS 109, hence the change in fair value of these derivatives are recognised in the consolidated 
statement of Profit and Loss. 
Options  are  designated  on  spot  discounted  basis.  The  time  value  of  options  are  identified  as  cost  of  hedge. 
Changes in the time value of options are recognised in Cost of Hedge reserve to the extent they relate to the 
hedged  item.  Changes  in  the  spot  intrinsic  value  of  options  is  recognized  in  Hedge  reserve.  Changes  in  fair 
value arising from own and counterparty credit risk in options and forward exchange contracts are considered 
ineffective in the hedge relationship and thus the change in fair value of options and forward exchange contracts 
attributable to changes in credit spread are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. Cross 
currency basis spread was historically included in the hedging relationship. Any ineffectiveness arising out of 
cross currency basis spread is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss as it arises.
Changes in fair value of foreign currency derivative and bonds, to the extent determined to be an effective hedge, 
is recognized in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion of the fair value change is recognized 
in consolidated statement of Profit and Loss. The fair value gain/losses recorded in Hedge reserve and Cost of 
Hedge reserve is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss when the forecasted transactions 
affects profit or loss. The accumulated gain/losses in hedge reserve and cost of hedge reserve are expected to 
be recognized in consolidated statement of profit or loss during the years ending March 31, 2026 to 2027.
It is anticipated that the hedged sales will take place over the next one to five years, at which time the amount 
deferred in equity will be reclassified to revenue in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
It is anticipated that the hedged purchases will take place over the next one to five years, at which time the 
amount deferred in equity will be included in the carrying amount of the raw materials. On sale of the finished 
product, the amount previously deferred in equity and subsequently recognised in inventory will be reclassified 
to raw materials, components, and consumables in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
Fair value gain/(loss) on foreign currency derivative contracts entered for cash flow 
hedges of forecast sales recognised in hedging reserve
Fair value gain/(loss)  on foreign currency derivative contracts entered for cash flow 
hedges of forecast inventory purchases recognized in hedging reserve
Fair value gain/(loss) on derivatives entered for cash flow hedges of repayment of 
foreign currency denominated borrowings recognized in hedging reserve
Fair value gain/(loss) on interest rate swaps entered for cash flow hedges of payment 
of interest on borrowings benchmarked to LIBOR
Fair value gain/(loss) recognized in other comprehensive income during the year
Year ended       
March 31 2025
(₹ in crores)
Year ended       
March 31 2024
5,890
8,760
-
(128)
83
5,845
(1)
(61)
-
8,698
393