Disclosure Questions
P 1
P 2
P 3
P 4
P 5
P 6
P 7
P 8
P 9
9
Does the entity have a 
specified Committee of the 
Board/ Director responsible 
for decision making on 
sustainability related issues? 
(Yes / No). If yes, provide details
Yes, TML has constituted various Board committees, which are responsible for and have a remit over 
key sustainability related policies, as below:
The  Safety,  Health  and  Sustainability  (‘SHS’)  Committee  of  the  Board  reviews  the  Company’s 
Environment,  Social  and  Governance  performance  and  oversees  the  implementation  of  relevant 
policies and strategies.
The Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’) Committee of the Board formulates and recommends 
the CSR policy to the Board and monitors CSR budget, activities and expenditure.
The Stakeholders’ Relationship (‘SRC’) Committee of the Board evaluates the statutory compliances 
and services concerning dividend payments, security holders, and performance of the Registrar and 
Transfer Agents.
The  Risk  Management  (‘RM’)  Committee  of  the  Board  supports  the    Board  in  directing  the  risk 
management  process,  the  controls  and  risk  tolerance  including  strategic,  financial,  operational, 
sectoral,  sustainability  (Environment,  Social  and  Governance)  related  risks,  information  &  cyber 
security and compliance risks. It makes recommendations related to risk mitigation and reviews the 
Company’s risk governance system.
10
Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company.
Subject for review
Performance against above policies and 
follow up action
Compliance with statutory 
requirements of relevance to the 
principles and rectification of any  
non-compliances
Indicate whether review was undertaken 
by director / committee of the board / any 
other committee
Frequency (annually / half yearly / 
quarterly / any other)
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
TML  follows  a  systematic,  multi-tiered  approach  to  review  the  SHS  performance.  The 
Factory Implementation Committee is the first level (monthly), followed by plant level Apex 
Committee/Sub-Committee  (monthly)  followed  by  Business  Unit  (‘BU’)  Safety  &  Health 
Council and Sustainability Council (monthly) and finally by the SHS Committee of the Board 
(3 to 4 times in a year).
The Company has in place a vigil mechanism as defined in the Whistle-Blower Policy which 
provides a formal mechanism for all Directors and employees of the Company to approach 
the management of the Company (Audit Committee in case where the concern involves the 
Senior Management) and make protected disclosures to the Management about unethical 
behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the Company’s Code of Conduct or Ethics 
policy.  RM  Committee  of  the  Board    frames,  implements,  monitors  and  review  the  Risk 
Management plan and  ensures its effectiveness.
Through  an  Enterprise  Risk  Management  Program,  the  business  units  and  the  corporate 
functions address their short term, medium term and long terms risks. The Audit committee 
has an additional oversight on the financial risks and controls.
The Company complies with the statutory requirements as applicable.
11
Has the entity carried out independent 
assessment/  evaluation  of  the  working 
of its policies by an external agency? If 
Yes, provide name of the agency.
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
The implementation of the Tata Code of Conduct and other policies are reviewed through 
internal  audit  function/  Ethics  Counsellor.  External  assessment  through  the  Tata  Business 
Excellence  Model  (‘TBEM’)  reviews  the  implementation  of  all  the  Company  policies.  Any 
opportunities for improvement are addressed through implementation of TBEM action plan. 
The Quality, Safety & Health and Environmental policies are subject to internal and external 
audits as part of certification process.
12
If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated: 
Not Applicable
197