• 
Sensitization:  Over  1,200  identified  people  managers 
have participated in ONEderful Conversations — a half-
day, facilitator-led workshops designed to build inclusive 
leadership capabilities.
interactive  sessions.  In  FY25, 
Launched  in  November  2023,  empowHER  is  a  pioneering 
initiative  by  Tata  Motors  to  support  and  empower  women 
talent.  The  programme  addresses  the  unique  challenges 
women face at work and beyond, offering tools and insights 
through 
it  engaged  few 
women across L3, L4, and L5 levels, focusing on leadership, 
communication,  negotiation,  work-life  balance,  and  mental 
well-being.  Participants  benefitted 
from  personalised 
coaching,  mentorship,  and  a  supportive  peer  network. 
The  programme  encouraged  self-reflection,  helped  build 
confidence, and strengthened leadership capabilities. Action 
plans  were  created  to  align  with  individual  goals.  Feedback 
shared  internally  and  externally  reflected  highly  positive 
experiences.  empowHER  has  contributed  significantly  to 
fostering an inclusive culture and advancing gender diversity 
at Tata Motors.
Jaguar Land Rover
Safety
Our  core  aim  is  to  maintain  a  workplace  where  Zero  Harm 
is consistently achieved. We continue to focus on our three 
safety  pillars  of  Safe  Place,  Safe  Systems  and  Safe  People, 
which provide the framework for our approach to continual 
improvement on our glidepath to Zero Harm. Our Zero Harm 
Metric tracks our progress on this journey, and over the past 
12 months we have seen a sustained gradual improvement in 
the metric - a reflection of the reduced number of accidents 
in our workplaces over the last year. The Zero Harm Metric is 
tracked at Board level as one of the Enterprise KPIs.
We  continue  to  focus  on  our  internal  auditing  programmes 
and data aggregation and analysis capabilities to understand 
where  there  are  opportunities  for  further  improvement. 
Our  programme  of  safety  process  automation  contributes 
to  us  meeting  the  requirements  set  out  in  our  Safety 
Management  System,  allowing  us  to  monitor  and  analyse 
data in real-time, quickly identifying and addressing potential 
issues  and  further  contributing  to  our  culture  of  safety  and 
continuous improvement.
Our  Safety  Management  System  is  continually  refined  to 
provide an effective framework for safety organisation, and 
our  commitment  to  maintaining  the  highest  standards  of 
occupational health, safety and wellbeing for our colleagues, 
partners and clients is reflected in our continued certification 
to ISO45001.
Health and Wellbeing
have developed programmes to achieve anchor organisation 
status, improving the health and wellbeing of our colleagues, 
and  agency  and  supply  chain  partners,  working  with  local 
health  services  and  the  communities  we  are  part  of  across 
the globe.
We offer all colleagues access to a range of services to help 
them  look  after  their  wellbeing.  These  services  include 
musculoskeletal,  mental  health,  nutrition,  fitness,  sleep, 
addiction, mindfulness and other therapies as well as financial 
information  and  support.  In  the  UK,  we  also  offer  mental 
health training for managers and colleagues and have trained 
more than 200 Mental Health First Aiders since launching the 
programme in early 2024.
We  have  a  global  approach  to  wellbeing  and  have  created 
eight regional Wellbeing Centres in three different countries 
that allow us to deliver bespoke programmes across all  our 
markets.  We  supported  our  employees  with  over  32,000 
individualised  sessions.  One  UK  based  health  coaching 
programme,  LeadWell,  supported  1,500  colleagues  and 
achieved satisfaction rates of up to +92 NPS.
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
Nothing  is  more  important  than  our  people  and  their 
experiences.  We  have  made  incredible  strides  in  nurturing 
a workplace that is welcoming and rewarding for everyone, 
where  training,  coaching  and  new  policies  support  people 
with opportunities to grow and thrive.
Diversity,  Equity  and 
is  becoming  an  ever-
Inclusion 
challenging topic globally; however, we believe that we must 
reflect the diversity of the world in which our colleagues and 
clients live. We are committed to our cultural transformation 
to  create  a  positive,  inclusive  environment  where  everyone 
feels respected, valued and cared for.
To  do  this  we  are  taking  action  to  make  tangible  impact, 
measured against three internal ambitions:
AMBITION 1 -
Globally, 30% of all senior leaders to be female, by 2030. FY25 
performance is 21%
This is an increase of 3% from last year.
AMBITION 2 -
In the UK, 15% of all senior leaders to be from a Black, Asian 
or Mixed Ethnicity background, by 2030. FY25 performance 
is 7%
This is the same percentage as last year.
AMBITION 3 -
We  are  advancing  our  health  and  wellbeing  activities  to 
progress our aspiration to be recognised as a global leader. We 
Globally,  for  our  Inclusion  Index  to  reach  over  85  by  2026. 
FY25 performance is 83 
262