and databases to interpret these material pressures/impacts to ensure a holistic 
prioritisation, paving the way to set SBTN aligned public commitments and targets. 
By taking this stand in the public domain, Tata Motors aims to showcase the role of 
scientific rigor, inspiring broader industry action in India.
Project Maximus launched in Kerala’s Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary.
C)    Beyond value chain 
Tata Motors is demonstrating leadership by addressing Nature and Biodiversity 
beyond its Operations and Value Chain in line with our ambition to create impact 
at scale. After evaluating a wide range of potential topics, we shortlisted 3 projects 
which are aligned with the Kunming Montreal‑Global Biodiversity Framework and 
has potential to create impact at scale.
1) Wetlands & Winged Voyagers – Wetlands along the path of the Central Asian 
Flyway in India, are critical wintering habitats for millions of migratory birds, 
providing food and safe resting areas. Securing these wetlands is essential 
for the continuance of the annual global migration and avian biodiversity. 
In collaboration with Wetlands International South Asia (WISA), the wetland 
landscape around four of our Plants‑ Pune, Sanand, Lucknow, and Jamshedpur 
were studied using satellite image analysis, thematic overlays and on‑ground 
ecological evaluation leading to prioritisation of 1,800 wetlands for further 
study. The outcomes will include Health Card creation aligned with India’s 
National Wetland Portal and development of integrated management 
programmes for high priority wetlands. This NbS project will deliver wetland 
positive landscapes, and contribute to India’s national and international 
wetland commitments, while saving habitats for avian biodiversity at 
a global scale.
2)       Maximus – Asian elephants are 
India’s national heritage animal 
for good reason – apart from its 
cultural and religious importance, 
they are a keystone species 
of biodiversity conservation! 
Project Maximus, is Tata Motors 
elephant conservation 
programme currently active in 
two landscapes‑ the Singhbhum 
Elephant Reserve in Jharkhand 
and the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve 
in the south. The approach 
includes providing on‑ground 
resources for securing conflict 
affected communities in the 
short term and collaborations 
for science based conservation 
through field studies in the 
long term. This NbS project 
will deliver new scientific 
knowledge in the form of updated 
baselines, mapping of elephant 
habitats, migration patterns, 
conflict zones, as well as site‑
specific and regional mitigation 
plans to establish scalable 
‘co‑existence’ models.
3)       Go Green –  Natural habitats 
and biodiversity in Northeast 
India are under pressure due to 
extensive deforestation, shifting 
cultivation, and infrastructure 
development. In FY25, 7.1 lakh 
saplings have been planted and 
protected across 700 acres in 
Longleng District of Nagaland 
under Tata Motors flagship ‘Go 
Green’ project in collaboration 
with Lemsachenlok, a grassroots 
community organisation. This 
community‑led plantation on 
degraded jhum fallow lands, 
utilises indigenous knowledge 
of local communities to restore 
land cover with indigenous tree 
species. This NbS project will 
deliver restoration of degraded 
lands which builds ecological 
resilience and secures livelihoods 
of indigenous communities that 
rely on forests for sustenance and 
cultural practices.
91