Leadership Indicators
1.  Does  the  entity  extend  any  life  insurance  or  any  compensatory  package  in  the  event  of  death  of  (A)  Employees  (B) 
Workers? (Yes/No)
A. 
Employees – Yes
B.  Workers – Yes
Yes, Tata Motors extends life insurance and compensatory packages to staff employees in the event of death or on medical 
grounds (Permanent Disability). These benefits include financial assistance schemes such as the Parivar Suraksha Yojana 
(PSY), Seva Nidhi Yojana (SNY), Adarsh Nidhi Yojana (ANY), Employee Mutual Benefit Fund (EMBF), Employee Contribution 
Benefit Scheme (ECBS), Jeevan Ratan Kalyan Yojana (JRKY), and Group Personal Accident Insurance (GPA). Additionally, 
there’s the Corporate National Pension Scheme (NPS) for long-term financial support. The benefits extend to nominees or 
legal heirs and cover different locations and employee categories. Furthermore, there are family medical benefits available 
in  Jamshedpur,  Mumbai,  Pune,  Lucknow,  Dharwad,  Sanand,  and  Pantnagar,  offering  medical  support  to  spouses  for  a 
lifetime and children until they reach the age of 21.
2. 
Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work related injury / ill-health / fatalities 
(as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or 
whose family members have been placed in suitable employment: 
Total no. of affected employees / workers
FY 25
Nil
1
FY 24
1
0
No. of employees / workers that are rehabilitated and 
placed in suitable employment or whose family members 
have been placed in suitable employment
FY 25
Nil
0
FY 24
1
0
Employees
Workers
3.  Details on assessment of value chain partners:
At Tata Motors, all value chain partners undergo periodic assessments to ensure adherence to health and safety practices 
and maintain optimal working conditions. Compliance with standards such as SA8000, OHSAS 18001, ISO 45001, and IS 
14489 is actively promoted. 
At  Tata  Motors,  we  believe  that  evaluating  supplier  performance  is  essential  to  ensure  alignment  with  our  business 
standards and operational excellence. We are committed to fostering strong partnerships by working closely with suppliers 
to clarify our expectations and enhance their capabilities through training, guidance, and support.
Health and safety practices
Working Conditions
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners)  that 
were assessed
100 (Downstream Channel Partners)
100 (Downstream Channel Partners)
4. 
Provide  details  of  any  corrective  actions  taken  or  underway  to  address  significant  risks  /  concerns  arising  from 
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
At  Tata  Motors,  safety  is  a  top  priority  across  the  entire  value  chain,  ensuring  the  well-being  of  employees,  suppliers, 
contractors, and logistics partners. We implement rigorous risk mitigation strategies, digital safety tools, and capacity-
building initiatives to create a resilient safety ecosystem.
1.  Risk Mitigation for Value Chain Partners
To address safety risks across our supply chain, we focus on:
Defensive Driver Training to reduce road incidents.
Authorized Drivers Only Policy to restrict vehicle operation to certified personnel.
Daily Work Management (DWM) to ensure structured planning and task allocation.
Safety Committees & Employee Engagement to promote safety improvements.
•