This is an increase of 3 points from last year.
(This  asks  colleagues  to  rate  the  statement  in  our  annual 
employee engagement survey “I would recommend JLR as an 
inclusive employer”.)
The  target  date  to  achieve  ambitions  1  and  2  has  been 
extended  from  2026  to  2030.  We  recognise  that  we  have 
more  work  to  do  and  are  allowing  time  to  make  further 
adjustments and for organic growth.
Our Global Reach
Our global Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) policy details our 
continued commitment to creating a safe, diverse, equitable 
and inclusive workplace. Since 2022, our Global DEI team has 
been  working  on  our  Global  Digital  Learning  Experience  in 
response to the DEI basics learning originally launched in the 
UK. The objective of this project was to develop a DEI learning 
that  resonates  with  people  across  our  global  locations.  In 
2024, the Global Digital Learning Experience launched across 
24 countries and regions, educating on cultural nuances while 
navigating local laws and cultural complexity, which are all at 
different stages of the DEI journey.
In  September  2024,  we  hosted  our  second  Diversity,  Equity 
and Inclusion Summit, welcoming 960 participants in person, 
and over 6,000 online, spanning 25 countries and 22 watch 
parties. This event celebrates the progress we make year on 
year  and  continues  to  cement  our  ambition  to  ensure  that 
all  colleagues  are  supported.  The  theme  for  this  event  was 
‘Inclusion For All’.
In  2024,  we  also  held  our  first  International  Women’s  and 
Automotive  Collective  with  three  of  our  semi-conductor 
suppliers,  to  begin  creating  an 
inclusive  environment 
throughout our entire ecosystem.
Our  two  Diversity,  Equity  and  Inclusion  Board  co-sponsors, 
Barbara  Bergmeier  and  François  Dossa,  have  been  a  pillar 
to our progress in making an environment where we all feel 
proud  to  work,  ensuring  diversity,  equity  and  inclusion  is 
represented  at  the  highest  levels  of  our  business.  In  2024, 
François Dossa made the personal decision to leave JLR and 
step down as our co-sponsor. At this time we welcomed David 
Berry,  Global  General  Counsel  to  be  executive  sponsor.  In 
early  2025,  Barbara  Bergmeier  made  the  personal  decision 
to  step  down  in  her  role  as  Executive  Director,  Industrial 
Operations, and co-sponsor of DEI, after making a huge impact 
over  the  past  two  years.  In  her  place,  Swarna  Ramanathan 
has now stepped up and taken the role of Board co-sponsor 
alongside David Berry. They will continue to support our 15 
colleague  network  groups,  ensuring  that  colleagues  have 
space  to  share  their  lived  experiences,  and  learn  from  one 
another’s experiences.
OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES
Refer Page 26 for Commercial vehicles, Page 34 for Passenger 
Vehicles, Page 40 for Electric Vehicles, and Page 50 for Jaguar 
Land Rover.
OUTLOOK:
Refer Page 29 for Commercial vehicles, Page 37 for Passenger 
Vehicles, Page 43 for Electric Vehicles, and Page 53 for Jaguar 
Land Rover.
263