Risk management
Principal risks
3 Electrification transition
Ensuring a smooth, efficient, and cost‑
effective shift that minimises disruptions, 
meets regulatory requirements, satisfies 
consumer demand and supports 
environmental sustainability is paramount. 
This involves managing financial, 
technological, supply chain and workforce 
transitions to maintain competitiveness and 
achieve long‑term success in the evolving 
automotive market. India’s automotive sector 
is swiftly transitioning to EVs, driven by 
initiatives like the FAME and PLI schemes.
F
M S
An uncontrolled EV transition could lead to 
multiple inefficiencies resulting in substantial 
financial losses. Examples to include and not 
limited to: 
Supply Chain Disruptions: Unmanaged supply 
chain issues can lead to production delays and 
shortages. 
Market Share Decline: Inability to meet 
consumer demand for BEVs can result in a loss 
of market share to more agile competitors. 
Regulatory Penalties: Non‑compliance with 
evolving regulations can lead to fines and legal 
challenges. 
Reputation Damage: Failure to transition 
effectively can harm reputation and brand 
value. Further, we are also susceptible to 
changes in EV technologies and the risk of any 
further alternative fuel technologies, which 
could adversely affect our competitive position.
Jaguar Land Rover is making a significant 
transition from internal combustion engine 
(ICE) vehicles to battery electric vehicles 
(BEVs) as part of the Reimagine strategy. 
This shift includes the launch of the first fully 
electric Range Rover and a new four‑door 
GT Jaguar BEV in 2026. Additionally, JLR is 
making significant continued investment in 
upgrading its core facilities and supply chain 
for electrification. 
At India business, we expanded the 
consideration among customers by mitigating 
key barriers for EV adoption. Recently, we 
have achieved price parity of ICE and EV by 
introducing new products at similar prices. 
To support the electrification, Tata Group’s 
Agratas is constructing battery cell facilities in 
UK and India. 
4
Growth strategy and competitive business efficiency
Delivering on our business and strategic 
objectives is key to realising our planned 
future profitability and cash generation 
through return on our investments. There are 
risks inherent in the delivery of our planned 
Reimagine strategy at JLR as we make the 
investments to transition our product 
portfolio to increase the proportion of 
electric vehicles in the future. This includes 
our assumptions around the level of customer 
demand for our products and delivery of our 
products at a competitive cost. 
For our domestic Commercial Vehicles 
business, we plan to improve the VAHAN 
market share and deliver strong double digit 
EBITDA margins, high ROCE while reducing 
the volatility in business. In Passenger 
and Electric Vehicles, the business aspires 
to achieve 18‑20% market share, deliver 
double‑digit EBITDA margins and for PV 
(ICE business) with positive and growing cash 
flows, and achieve neutral Free Cash flows for 
the EV business in the medium term.
F
M S
Capitals impacted
If our business is unable to compete 
effectively on costs, then we may experience 
lower‑than‑expected returns on our future 
investments. This could inhibit our ability to 
achieve our financial objectives. 
In the CV business, we are minimising 
discounting and focusing on retail market 
share. However, if consumers cannot absorb 
price increases or competitors continue 
aggressive discounting with better operating 
efficiencies, we will be affected. Further, our 
market share has witnessed pressure in the 
SCV and Pickup segment. 
The PV business is susceptible to 
competitive pressures in terms of new 
technologies, features, innovations, etc. 
Our lead in EV adoption carries risks too. 
If EV adoption stalls or competitors offer 
superior technology, features, range 
and cost, it could severely impact us. 
overall demand growth will be shaped by 
macroeconomic factors such as consumption 
growth, inflation, infrastructure spending, 
taxation, government incentives, and 
global geopolitics.
The JLR Refocus 2.0 transformation programme 
supports the delivery of our Reimagine 
objectives. This operational transformation 
programme, alongside the strengthening of 
our existing programme governance, includes 
a focus on ensuring timely new product delivery 
to market and management of the cost base 
of the business while also ensuring that we 
maximise profitability on our sales. 
We maintain strong liquidity in the business to 
ensure that we can navigate funding challenges 
which may arise in the future.
For the domestic CV business, we have modified 
our priority to the demand‑pull strategy to 
focus on retail market share and minimising 
discounts to boost profitability. Also, the 
focus is to reduce the impact of volatility in 
CV business through non‑vehicular business, 
digital, etc. In the Passenger and EV business, 
there has been a turnaround and strong 
operational cash flows and maintained market 
share. With an expansive product portfolio, 
smart digital solutions and new nameplate 
launches on the anvil, we are well‑positioned to 
leverage market opportunities and maintain our 
growth trajectory.
F
Financial capital
M
Manufactured capital
I
Intellectual capital
N
Natural capital
H
Human capital
S
Social and relationship capital
70