Sr. No. Description
Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL and TPEML with TACO Gotion
TMPVL
TPEML
4.
5.
Arm’s length pricing and a statement that 
the  valuation  or  other  external  report, 
if  any,  relied  upon  by  the  listed  entity  in 
relation to the proposed transaction will be 
made  available  through  registered  email 
address of the shareholder.
Name  of  the  Director  or  Key  Managerial 
Personnel (‘KMP’) who is related, if any and 
the nature of their relationship
The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the past practices 
adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with report of reputed external agencies 
obtained by the Company and the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. 
Please  refer  to  Note  11  given  in  the  Notice  on  inspection  of  documents.  In  the  case 
of other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria based on 
the  market  price  or  alternative  pricing  method  of  relevant  materials  and/or  services. 
Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable, shall be obtained by the 
parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be based on 
actual cost incurred
Mrs  Usha  Sangwan,  Independent  Director 
of  the  Company  is  also  an  Independent 
Director on the Board of TMPVL
Independent 
Ms  Vedika  Bhandarkar, 
Director  of  the  Company 
is  also  an 
Independent  Director  on  the  Board  of 
TPEML. 
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer 
and KMP of the Company is the Chairman 
and a Non-Executive Director on the Board 
of TMPVL. 
Mrs  Usha  Sangwan,  Independent  Director 
of  the  Company  is  also  an  Independent 
Director on the Board of TPEML. 
Their  interest  or  concern  or  that  of  their 
respective  relatives,  is  limited  only  to  the 
extent  of  their  holding  directorship  in 
TMPVL. 
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer 
and KMP of the Company is the Chairman 
and a Non-Executive Director on the Board 
of TPEML. 
None  of  the  Directors  or  KMPs  of  the 
Company  are  Directors  or  KMPs  of  TACO 
Gotion.  
Their  interest  or  concern  or  that  of  their 
respective  relatives,  is  limited  only  to  the 
extent  of  their  holding  directorship  in 
TPEML.
None  of  the  Directors  or  KMPs  of  the 
Company  are  Directors  or  KMPs  of  TACO 
Gotion.
6.
Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement setting out material 
facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming part of this Notice.
None  of  the  other  Directors,  KMPs  and/  or  their  respective  relatives  is  in  any  way,  concerned  or  interested,  financially  or 
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 20 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 20 of the 
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote to approve 
the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 20 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction 
or not.
559