recognised  when  any  associated  uncertainty  is  subsequently  resolved.  The  Company  estimates  the  expected 
sales incentive by market and considers uncertainties including competitor pricing, ageing of retailer stock and 
local market conditions.
Revenue is recognised on a bill-and-hold basis where vehicles, for example, are sold to the customer but are 
retained in the Company’s possession at a vehicle holding compound on behalf of the customer ahead of being 
physically transferred to them at a future time. In such arrangements it is ensured that the customer has obtained 
the ultimate control of the product.
There are certain vehicles which are being given to the customers along with operations and maintenance of the 
same. These are considered as finance leases and accordingly, revenue is recognised at the lease commencement 
date at fair value of the leased asset. The cost of sales is reduced for the present value of unguaranteed residual 
values. In addition, initial direct costs are recognised as cost of sales at the lease commencement date.
The consideration received in respect of transport arrangements for delivering of vehicles to the customers are 
recognised net of their costs within revenues in the income statement. 
The Company applies the practical expedient in Ind AS 115 and does not disclose information about remaining 
performance obligations that have an original expected duration of one year or less. This is because revenue 
resulting  from  those  sales  will  be  recognised  in  a  short-term  period.  The  services  included  with  the  vehicle 
sale are to be recognised as revenues in subsequent years but represent an insignificant portion of expected 
revenues in comparison.
Revenue from sale of vehicles to customers combined with repurchase obligation is recognised over the contract 
period as if it were an operating lease contract. This is based on the fact that the customers had not obtained the 
control of the vehicle. The related inventory continues to be recognised in the Company’s consolidated balance 
sheet. The consideration received from the customers is treated as liability.
b) 
Sale  of  services  -  maintenance  service,  telematics  features  and  extended  warranties  for  commercial  and 
passenger vehicles, software support services and insurance broking services.
Income  from  sale  of  maintenance  services,  telematics  features  and  extended  warranties,  including  software 
services are recognised as income over the relevant period of service or extended warranty.
When the Company sells products that are bundled with maintenance service or extended period of warranty, 
such services are treated as a separate performance obligation only if the service or warranty is in excess of the 
standard offerings to the customer. In such cases, the transaction price allocated towards such maintenance 
service or extended period of warranty based on relative standalone selling price and is recognised as a contract 
liability  until  the  service  obligation  has  been  met.  The  price  that  is  regularly  charged  for  an  item  when  sold 
separately  is  the  best  evidence  of  its  standalone  selling  price.  In  the  absence  of  such  evidence,  the  primary 
method used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin, under which the Company 
estimates  the  cost  of  satisfying  the  performance  obligation  and  then  adds  an  appropriate  margin  based  on 
similar services.
The Company operates certain customer loyalty programs under which customer is entitled to reward points 
on the spend towards Company’s products. The reward points earned by customers can be redeemed to claim 
discounts on future purchase of certain products or services. Transaction price allocated towards reward points 
granted to customers is recognized as a deferred income liability and transferred to income when customers 
redeem their reward points.
Sales of services include certain performance obligations that are satisfied over a period of time, any amount 
received  in  advance  is  recorded  as  contract  liability  and  recognized  as  revenue  when  service  is  rendered  to 
customers. Refer note 32(a) for ongoing performance obligation. Any amount of income accrued but not billed 
to customers in respect of such contracts is recorded as a contract asset. Such contract assets are transferred to 
Trade receivables on actual billing to customers.
Refund liabilities comprise of obligation towards customers to pay for discounts and sales incentives.
Vehicle  sales  do  not  typically  include  allowances  for  returns  or  refunds,  although  in  some  markets  there  is 
legislative requirement. Regarding other goods, where rights of return may be prevalent, the Company estimates 
362