Disclosure Questions
P 1
P 2
P 3
P 4
P 5
P 6
P 7
P 8
P 9
6
Performance of the 
entity against the specific 
commitments, goals and targets 
along-with reasons in case the 
same are not met
Governance, leadership and oversight
7
8
Statement by director 
responsible for the business 
responsibility report, 
highlighting ESG related 
challenges, targets and 
achievements (listed entity 
has flexibility regarding the 
placement of this disclosure)
Details of the highest authority 
responsible for implementation 
and oversight of the Business 
Responsibility policy (ies).
Performance on goals on each of the principles is reviewed periodically by various Committees led by 
the Management and Board of Directors. A few of them are detailed below:
(i)  
Improved the RE share in our operations from 30% in FY 2023-24 to 45% in FY 2024-25. The 
Company  has  been  able  to  increase  its  Renewable  Electricity  in-house  through  onsite  solar 
installations,  off-site  captive  wind  farms  and  through  procurement  of  off-site  wind  &  solar 
power  through  Power  Purchase  Agreements  (‘PPA’s’)  and  through  International  Renewable 
Energy  Certificates  (I-RECs).  IRECs  contributed  12%  to  the  RE  share  of  overall  electricity 
consumption.
(ii)   The following manufacturing facilities have been certified by CII-GBC for Water Neutrality as 
well as Zero Waste to Landfill (ZWtL)
I. 
II. 
III. 
IV. 
 Dharwad  Plant  certified  as  “Water  Positive”  in  November  2023  and  valid  till  2026.
Dharwad plant has
 Also  been  certified  as  a  Zero  Waste  To  Landfill  Facility  in  January  2025  and  valid  till 
January 2028.
 Pantnagar Plant certified as “Water positive” in August 2024 and valid till August 2027. 
Pantnagar plant has also been certified as a Zero Waste To Landfill Facility in August 2024 
and valid till August 2027.
 Lucknow  Plant  certified  as  “Water  Positive”  in  November  2024  and  valid  till  2027. 
Lucknow plant has also been certified as a Zero Waste To Landfill Facility in November 
2024 and valid till November 2027.
(iii)  TML has joined the corporate engagement program for Science-Based Targets for Nature. This 
initiative seeks to reshape economic systems to safeguard our collective environmental heritage – 
our air, water, land, biodiversity and oceans.
Over  the  past  couple  of  years,  we  have  conducted  extensive  biodiversity  baseline  assessments 
at  key  sites,  identifying  over  1,300  species.  This  foundational  research  informs  our  Biodiversity 
Management Plan, leveraging biodiversity indices as key indicators of quality and richness.
Under our biodiversity flagship projects:
• 
• 
 The  Central  Asian  Flyway  project;  aims  towards  conservation  of  1,800  wetlands  around  the 
vicinity of our four operational sites (Pune, Sanand, Lucknow and Jamshedpur). 
 We  are  undertaking  elephant  conservation  activities  under  Project  Maximus  in  the  Nilgiri 
Biosphere  Reserve  (Kerala)  and  started  groundwork  for  the  same  at  Singhbhum  Elephant 
Reserve (Jharkhand).
Please refer to the Executive Director’s message, which is part of the Integrated Annual Report.
Mr Girish Wagh, Executive Director (DIN: 03119361)
196