The  average  number  of  flexible  (temporary,  trainee  and 
contractual)  employees  for  FY25  was  approximately  35,228 
compared to 38,660 (including joint operations) in FY24.
curve.  These  initiatives  not  only  build  strategic  capabilities 
but also foster a culture of self-driven learning and growth.
BUILDING AN EFFECTIVE ORGANISATIONAL 
CULTURE
At  Tata  Motors,  culture  is  a  powerful  catalyst  that  fuels 
performance,  optimizes  potential,  and  helps  us  attract  and 
retain top talent. Our cultural transformation is anchored in 
the “More When One” framework, built on four core pillars: 
Be  Bold,  Solve  Together,  Own  It,  and  Be  Empathetic.  These 
guiding principles shape our day-to-day interactions and long-
term aspirations, enabling us to deliver exceptional employee 
and business outcomes.
To bring these pillars to life, we have identified eight distinct 
leadership behaviours—Agility, Risk Taking, Owner’s Mindset, 
Empowerment,  Collaboration,  Accountability,  Embrace 
Diversity, and Passion for Customers—that serve as actionable 
anchors across the organization.
We  have  adopted  a  consistent  and  inclusive  approach  to 
our  Employee  Culture  Survey,  empowering  our  people  to 
voice  their  perspectives  and  actively  contribute  to  shaping 
our  culture.  The  survey  tracks  three  critical  dimensions: 
engagement, culture pillar scores, and change management 
effectiveness.  The  results  guide  our  efforts  and  reflect  the 
growing momentum in our culture transformation journey.
Through  conscious,  organization-wide  efforts  and  active 
employee participation, we have seen a marked improvement 
in  overall  engagement  scores—reinforcing  the  belief  that 
a  strong  culture  not  only  drives  results  but  also  creates  a 
meaningful workplace experience.
CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT
Aligned  with  our  cultural  aspiration  of  being  Bold,  we 
are  committed  to  preparing  our  workforce  to  be  future-
ready—embracing agility and risk-taking as core behaviours. 
Empowering employees through continuous development is 
central  to  this  commitment.  We  are  focused  on  enhancing 
their  functional,  managerial,  and  leadership  capabilities, 
ensuring they remain future-fit in a dynamic environment.
The  Tata  Motors  Academy  plays  a  pivotal  role  in  designing 
and  delivering  capability-building  interventions  across  the 
organization. It caters to diverse workforce segments through 
tailored learning modules in Functional Excellence, Leadership 
Development, and Organization-wide Capability Building.
The  Academy’s  efforts  are  anchored  in  four  key  functional 
pillars—Customer 
Leadership, 
Operational Excellence, and Management Education. Special 
emphasis is placed on priority areas such as ACESS, AI, Digital, 
Industry 4.0, and ESG, helping employees stay ahead of the 
Excellence, 
Product 
TALENT MANAGEMENT
At  Tata  Motors,  we  are  committed  to  building  a  strong 
leadership  pipeline  and  nurturing  talent  across  all  levels  to 
create a true Talent Factory. Through our annual Organizational 
& Talent Review and robust succession planning, we identify 
and develop potential leaders for critical roles. Development 
programmes are designed based on talent assessments and 
are  delivered  in  partnership  with  premier  global  business 
schools,  TMTC,  and  other  knowledge  partners.  Initiatives 
such as Leadership Trails 2.0 for senior leadership and Inner 
Circle, for high-potential mid- and junior-level managers are 
examples of our focused leadership development efforts. We 
offer  a  fast-track  career  growth  programme  for  junior-level 
staff  aspiring  for  higher-level  roles,  featuring  a  dedicated 
two-year development journey that includes multiple cross-
functional stints, a General Management Programme with a 
premier management institute, and leadership development 
interventions  with  esteemed  external  partners.  We  also 
promote  internal  mobility  through  job  rotations  and  our 
Career  Explore  portal,  offering  cross-functional  and  cross-
location opportunities.
In  line  with  our  vision  of  becoming  a  learning  organization, 
we  actively  support  higher  education  for  employees.  Over 
1,350  employees  are  currently  pursuing  diplomas,  B.Tech, 
M.Tech, MBAs, and Ph.Ds in areas like AI/ML, EV Technology, 
and  Customer  Excellence—enhancing  both  individual  and 
organizational capabilities.
SKILL DEVELOPMENT
In  our  pursuit  of  excellence 
in  craftsmanship  and 
manufacturing, we continue to strengthen our focus on skill 
enhancement to deliver high-quality products. To keep pace 
with  rapid  technological  disruptions  and  evolving  market 
demands,  we  have  implemented  the  ‘Future  of  Workplace’ 
strategy.  This  initiative  equips  our  workforce  with  future-
ready skills in areas such as High Voltage (Electric Vehicles), 
Mechatronics  (Industry  4.0),  Auto  Electronics,  and  Vehicle 
Communication.  Alongside 
reskilling  our  permanent 
employees,  we  are  building  a  digitally  enabled,  agile, 
and  young  talent  pipeline  through  our  flagship  full-time 
apprenticeship programme in new craftsman trades.
We  have  also  introduced  an  industry-first  ‘Earn  n  Learn’ 
initiative under the brand name Kaushalya. This programme 
recruits ITI/XII students, trains them in basic skills, and places 
them on shopfloor On-the-Job Training (OJT). Over 2–3 years, 
participants  pursue  a  ‘Diploma  in  Mechatronics,’  attending 
classes  once  a  week  and  gaining  hands-on  experience  five 
days a week. The curriculum and OJT are specifically designed 
to  develop  skills  in  EVs  and  Industry  4.0.  Graduates  of  the 
260